den the
dem the
bei bei
bei at
bei in
sie you
sie she
sie they
diese this
diese these
sowie and
ihre their
ihre its
ihre your
ihre her
ihre yours
seinen his
doch yet
doch but
selbst even
selbst self
selbst itself
selbst myself
selbst yourself
jpg jpg
platz plaza
platz square
platz place
platz platz
platz space
ihrer their
ihrer your
ihrer yours
erhielt received
bekannt known
wilhelm william
wilhelm wilhelm
danach then
danach after
danach afterwards
danach afterward
fünf five
fünf fünf
könig king
könig könig
besteht consists
besteht insists
welche what
welche which
meter metre
meter meters
meter metres
meter meter
nahm took
york york
eher rather
eher somewhat
eher sooner
lassen let
lassen letting
trat stepped
trat resigned
trat joined
trat kicked
bedeutung relevance
bedeutung importance
bedeutung meaning
bedeutung meanings
bedeutung significance
quelle source
will will
will wants
will want
london london
österreich austria
begründung justification
begründung reasoning
begründung rationale
entwicklung development
entwicklung evolution
archivierung archiving
archivierung archive
archivierung archival
archivierung archives
robert robert
stark strongly
stark strong
stark stark
oben top
oben upstairs
oben above
oben up
weiß weiß
weiß white
weiß know
weiß knows
weiß caucasian
richtung direction
http http
kommen come
kommen coming
deshalb hence
deshalb therefore
spiel gameplay
spiel game
spiel games
spiel play
spiel match
burg château
burg castle
burg burg
burg fortress
schweiz switzerland
eingesetzt utilized
eingesetzt deployed
eigene own
französischen french
online online
ebenso also
ebenso equally
ebenso likewise
süden southern
süden south
erwähnt mentioned
erwähnt mentions
sicher certainly
sicher safe
sicher sure
sicher safely
sicher secure
bayern bavaria
bayern bayern
gleichen equal
gleichen same
national national
national nationally
david david
zehn zehn
zehn ten
sollen should
vermutlich probably
vermutlich presumably
vermutlich probable
vermutlich presumed
beitrag contributor
beitrag post
beitrag contribution
ziel objective
ziel destination
ziel goal
ziel goals
ziel target
grüße greetings
grüße salute
benannt named
armee armies
armee army
gleichzeitig concurrent
gleichzeitig simultaneous
gleichzeitig simultaneously
gleichzeitig parallel
regel norm
regel rule
erledigt finished
erledigt done
kamen came
einzelnen individual
stellte posed
gmbh llc
gmbh gmbh
gmbh ltd
google google
verbindung connection
verbindung link
verbindung connect
verbindung compound
künstler artist
künstler performers
künstler artists
wissen knowing
wissen knowledge
wissen know
länge lengths
länge length
länge longitude
möchte wants
spielt plays
zusätzlich additional
zusätzlich additionally
homepage homepage
politischen political
beste finest
beste best
stil styles
stil style
stil stil
herzog herzog
herzog duke
leicht easily
leicht slight
leicht light
leicht easy
leicht lightweight
leicht slightly
allein alone
allein solo
ernannt appointed
ernannt nominated
gegensatz contrasts
gegensatz contradiction
gegensatz contrast
mark mark
artikeln articles
gold gold
los los
river river
knapp narrowly
knapp knapp
knapp tight
knapp scarce
albert albert
erkennen recognize
erkennen recognizing
erkennen detect
erkennen recognise
erkennen acknowledge
reicht ranges
reicht enough
späteren subsequent
späteren later
frank frank
klaus klaus
jungen boys
jungen young
jungen boy
vertreter rep
vertreter agents
vertreter representatives
vertreter agent
vertreter representative
wichtige important
erbaut built
hof courtyard
hof hof
hof farm
hof court
hof yard
wirtschaft industry
wirtschaft economics
wirtschaft business
wirtschaft economy
neuer neuer
neuer new
neuer newer
allgemeinen general
gemäß according
zeigen reveal
zeigen showing
zeigen show
schutz shelter
schutz protective
schutz protection
schutz protections
zugleich simultaneously
sprachen languages
sprachen language
kannst can
friedhof churchyard
friedhof cemetery
friedhof graveyard
gebracht brought
meinen my
kampf battle
kampf combat
kampf struggle
kampf clash
kampf fight
solchen such
fiel fell
fiel fallen
fiel dropped
beziehungen relationships
beziehungen relationship
beziehungen relations
söhne sons
siedlung settlement
entdeckt spotted
entdeckt discovered
entdeckt detected
entdeckt discovers
verbreitet widespread
verbreitet disseminated
verbreitet spreads
rein purely
rein rein
rein pure
blick glance
blick gaze
blick view
theorie theory
theorie theories
beendete ended
bislang hitherto
architekt architect
architekt architects
nordrhein nordrhein
herbert herbert
linken leftist
linken left
komplett fully
komplett completely
komplett complete
verlassen deserted
verlassen abandoned
verlassen leaving
verlassen leave
verlassen exit
situation situation
gesetzt set
unabhängig independent
unabhängig independently
unabhängig unrelated
fernsehen tv
fernsehen television
preußen prussia
preußen prussians
polizei cops
polizei policing
polizei police
polizei sheriff
sowjetunion soviets
sowjetunion ussr
sowjetunion soviet
landwirtschaft farming
landwirtschaft agriculture
wissenschaftlichen scientific
wissenschaftlichen scholarly
gleiche equal
gleiche same
aufgeführt listed
label label
video video
video videos
zweimal twice
ritter knight
ritter ritter
ritter knights
eingerichtet established
eingerichtet configured
eingerichtet furnished
energie energy
energie energie
energie power
association association
schlecht poor
schlecht badly
schlecht bad
schlecht poorly
stattdessen instead
kommission commission
meer seaside
meer sea
meer ocean
verwenden using
verwenden use
unterscheiden distinguish
unterscheiden distinguishing
unterscheiden differ
unterscheiden differentiate
parlament parliament
parlament parliaments
parlament ep
standort site
standort location
standort locations
frankfurter frankfurt
frankfurter frankfurter
best best
kriterien criteria
landtag landtag
veranstaltungen events
nationalsozialismus nazism
nationalsozialismus nazi
argument argument
zentrale switchboard
zentrale central
zentrale headquarters
zentrale centralized
zentrale headquarter
verkehr transportation
verkehr traffic
verkehr transport
persönliche personal
abs abs
sperren ban
sperren lock
sperren locking
sperren block
sperren locks
durchmesser diameter
durchmesser diameters
gericht dish
gericht tribunal
gericht court
gericht courtroom
gericht courts
schwarzen black
schwarzen blacks
unbedingt absolutely
unbedingt necessarily
unbedingt imperative
unbedingt definitely
errichtete erected
definiert defined
definiert defines
nötig neccessary
nötig necessary
eisenbahn rail
eisenbahn railway
eisenbahn train
eisenbahn railways
eisenbahn railroad
ältesten ancients
ältesten elders
ältesten oldest
ältesten elder
erklären declaring
erklären explaining
erklären explain
erklären declare
millimeter millimeter
millimeter millimetres
millimeter millimetre
millimeter mm
millimeter millimeters
dvd dvd
dvd dvds
getrennt separated
getrennt separately
getrennt disconnected
getrennt separate
zeitweise temporarily
plan plan
interessant interesting
drittel thirds
drittel third
waffen weapons
waffen weapon
waffen weaponry
waffen guns
waffen arms
oberhalb above
inhalte content
inhalte contents
verbindungen connections
verbindungen connectivity
verbindungen links
verbindungen compounds
verschieben shift
verschieben postpone
verschieben move
verschieben moving
verschieben defer
street street
ziehen pull
ziehen drag
ziehen pulling
ziehen draw
küste coasts
küste coastline
küste coastal
küste coast
eindruck impression
prinz prince
prinz prinz
drehbuch screenplay
drehbuch script
ortschaften places
ortschaften resorts
ortschaften villages
ortschaften locations
ortschaften localities
ortschaften towns
pokal trophy
pokal pokal
pokal goblet
pokal cup
mary mary
freunde buddies
freunde friends
freunde friend
stub stub
ruf reputation
ruf ruf
ruf reputations
mittlere mean
mittlere intermediate
mittlere medium
mittlere median
mittlere middle
kollegen colleague
kollegen colleagues
kollegen coworkers
angebot quote
angebot quotation
angebot offers
angebot offer
auftreten occurrence
auftreten occur
südwestlich southwestern
südwestlich southwest
beck beck
net net
errichtung establishment
errichtung erection
tatsache fact
übernehmen assume
übernehmen take
abt dept
abt abt
abt abbot
michel michel
modelle models
rajon raion
staatliche governmental
prix prix
innere internal
innere inner
gering slight
rolf rolf
gestaltet designed
gestaltet shaped
rostock rostock
linz linz
rumänien romania
sprich speak
weiss white
weiss know
weiss weiss
publikum audience
publikum audiences
publikum crowd
diskutieren debating
diskutieren argue
diskutieren discussing
diskutieren discuss
insofern inasmuch
zählte mattered
zählte counted
kandidaten nominees
kandidaten contestants
kandidaten candidates
kandidaten candidate
interessiert interested
interessiert cares
aktiven active
kleines small
kleines lowercase
front front
alpen alps
madrid madrid
siegen wins
siegen victories
siegen victory
siegen siegen
scott scott
klub club
klub klub
schritt stride
schritt step
schritt crotch
streit dispute
streit argument
streit fight
streit disputes
streit controversy
streit quarrel
umfang circumference
umfang volume
umfang extent
umfang scope
dom cathedral
dom dome
dom duomo
dom dom
kaufmann merchant
kaufmann businessman
kaufmann kaufmann
awards awards
autorin novelist
autorin writer
autorin author
goldene golden
goldene gold
botschafter ambassador
botschafter ambassadors
drehbuchautor scriptwriter
drehbuchautor screenwriter
geweiht ordained
geweiht dedicated
geweiht consecrated
geweiht sanctified
details details
details detail
verstärkt intensified
verstärkt strengthened
verstärkt amplified
verstärkt reinforced
widmete devoted
harald harald
vollkommen completely
ohnehin anyway
ohnehin anyways
ohnehin anyhow
gebrauch usage
gebrauch use
ursprung origin
ursprung origins
bewusst consciously
bewusst aware
bewusst deliberately
bewusst conscious
anlass occasion
entwickeln evolve
entwickeln evolving
entwickeln develop
entwickeln developing
wohnung flat
wohnung apartment
pfarrei parish
erfurt erfurt
veranstaltung event
ach ah
ach ach
ach oh
gewissen conscience
gewissen consciences
gipfel summits
gipfel summit
gipfel peak
gipfel peaks
pop pops
pop pop
uss uss
geblieben stayed
geblieben remained
runden rounding
runden laps
runden circular
runden rounds
runden round
california california
maschine machine
maschine engine
maschine machinery
maschine machines
geschwindigkeit velocity
geschwindigkeit tempo
geschwindigkeit speed
geschwindigkeit pace
naja weil
naja well
kino movies
kino cinemas
kino theater
kino movie
kino cinema
tunnel tunnel
tunnel tunnels
stockholm stockholm
bereiche ranges
bereiche domains
bereiche sectors
bereiche areas
flagge flag
flagge flags
gelb amber
gelb yellow
arrondissement arrondissement
größtenteils mostly
größtenteils largely
leichtathletik athletics
leichtathletik iaaf
genaue precise
genaue accurate
genaue exact
konzert concerto
konzert concert
konzert concerts
erhältlich available
beobachtet observed
beobachtet watched
account account
umfeld surroundings
umfeld environments
feste solid
feste feasts
feste fixed
assistent assistant
assistent wizard
warten waiting
warten awaiting
warten wait
festgestellt detected
festgestellt noted
vermutet suspected
vermutet suspects
vermutet guessed
vermutet presumed
wesentliche essence
wesentliche essentials
wesentliche essential
unbeschränkt unrestricted
unbeschränkt unlimited
konzerte concerts
erinnern remembering
erinnern reminder
erinnern remember
bearbeiten edit
bearbeiten editing
längere longer
schwedische swedish
regionalen regional
erhebung survey
erhebung collection
gezählt numbered
gezählt counting
gezählt enumerated
gezählt counted
umgang handling
umgang dealing
lewis lewis
out out
forschungen researches
forschungen research
szenen scenes
oberst colonel
oberst col
oberst oberst
pommern pomeranian
pommern pomerania
sektion section
saale saale
erbe heir
erbe inheritance
erbe legacy
erbe heritage
sophie sophie
irgendwann someday
irgendwann sometime
irgendwann eventually
arena arena
gestorben dies
gestorben deceased
gestorben died
auswirkungen impact
auswirkungen implications
auswirkungen effects
auswirkungen impacts
auswirkungen effect
ausführung implementation
ausführung execution
ausführung realization
tourismus tourism
tourismus tourist
lady lady
ursache cause
ursache causes
geringer lesser
plus plu
plus plus
heimatstadt hometown
konsens consensus
religiösen religious
klassen classes
klassen class
klassen categories
ibn ibn
nrw nrw
marathon marathon
albums albums
witwe widowed
witwe widows
witwe widow
gespräch interview
gespräch conversation
gespräch talk
bewertung rating
bewertung review
bewertung evaluation
bewertung valuation
bewertung assessment
gelegenheit occasion
gelegenheit opportunity
gelegenheit chance
kapitän capt
kapitän captain
kapitän skipper
natürlichen natural
gewinnt wins
diplom diplom
diplom diploma
diplom graduate
westliche westerners
westliche west
westliche western
westliche westerly
kaiserlichen imperial
off off
costa costa
nördliche northern
vorsitzenden chairmen
vorsitzenden chairperson
vorsitzende chairperson
vorsitzende chairman
vorsitzende chairmen
vorsitzende chairwoman
verbot ban
verbot banned
verbot prohibited
verbot bans
verbot prohibition
fotograf photographer
dicht densely
dicht dense
elbe elbe
kinos movies
kinos theaters
kinos cinema
kinos cinemas
eishockey hockey
eishockey eishockey
liefert delivers
liefert returns
liefert provides
ausbruch outbreak
ausbruch breakout
ausbruch eruption
ausbruch outburst
jagd hunt
jagd hunting
jagd chase
abgeleitet derived
abgeleitet inferred
abgeleitet deduced
zurückgezogen withdrew
zurückgezogen retired
zurückgezogen withdrawn
zurückgezogen revoked
dokumente docs
dokumente documents
dokumente document
tieren animals
ausgewählt chosen
ausgewählt selected
religiöse religious
behauptung claim
behauptung assertion
behauptung allegation
integration integration
integration integrating
älter elderly
älter older
türkische turkic
türkische turkish
stadtrat councillor
stadtrat councilman
kommunistischen communist
letztes last
vorstellungen performances
vorstellungen conceptions
vorstellungen perceptions
vorstellungen ideas
hund hound
hund dog
hund canine
hund dogs
exil exile
exil exiled
eigentum property
eigentum ownership
verdient deserved
verdient earned
verdient deserve
verdient merit
verdient deserves
verdient merits
durchschnittliche average
durchschnittliche avg
schnelle quick
schnelle speedy
schnelle rapid
schnelle fast
überzeugt convincing
überzeugt convinces
überzeugt convinced
überzeugt persuaded
überzeugt confident
freundschaft friendship
elizabeth elizabeth
diözese diocese
formuliert formulated
formuliert formulates
formuliert worded
studios studios
jänner january
wissenschaftlich scientifically
wissenschaftlich scientific
enge narrow
enge tight
gesamtwertung standings
redakteur editor
infobox infobox
umbenennung rename
umbenennung renamed
umbenennung renaming
quasi quasi
könige kings
schlechten bad
elektrischen electric
fliegen fly
fliegen flies
fliegen flying
männlichen male
betrachten consider
betrachten contemplate
ungarischer hungarian
kommune commune
kommune municipality
buenos buenos
gemeldet reported
ice ice
negativ unfavorable
negativ adverse
negativ negatively
negativ negative
negativ negatives
adams adams
url url
doktor doc
doktor phd
doktor doctor
nürnberger nürnberger
schiffen ships
csu csu
stellvertreter alternate
stellvertreter deputy
stellvertreter substitutes
stellvertreter substitute
stellvertreter alternates
nachträglich retrospectively
nachträglich belated
liefern provide
liefern deliver
liefern delivering
vincent vincent
hinzugefügt added
beweis prove
beweis proofs
beweis proof
winkel angle
winkel angles
gäbe would
bewegt move
bewegt moving
bewegt moves
bewegt moved
nacional nacional
erzielen achieve
münzen coinage
münzen coins
münzen coin
nisi nisi
wahrscheinlichkeit probability
wahrscheinlichkeit likelihood
definitiv definitely
definitiv definite
definitiv definitively
modus mode
modus modus
karls charlemagne
panzer panzer
panzer tank
panzer tanks
restauriert restores
restauriert refurbished
restauriert restored
jane jane
perspektive prospect
perspektive outlook
perspektive perspective
perspektive perspectives
phänomen phenomena
phänomen phenomenon
freigabe release
freigabe releasing
freigabe clearance
freigabe unblock
mischung mixing
mischung mix
mischung mixture
mischung blend
mischung blending
angehörige dependents
angehörige relatives
angehörige dependants
gnu gnu
bevölkerungsdichte density
verfasser writer
verfasser authors
verfasser author
gesammelt collected
gesammelt gathered
gesammelt accumulated
anbau cultivation
beinahe almost
beinahe nearly
administrator admin
administrator administrator
verletzung violation
verletzung infringement
verletzung injury
verletzung injuries
verletzung breach
angrenzenden adjoining
angrenzenden adjacent
angrenzenden bordering
markgraf margrave
regen rains
regen rainfall
regen regen
regen rain
regen raining
bell bell
herzen hearts
herzen heart
verweis referenced
verweis reference
verweis reprimand
verteidiger defender
verteidiger defenders
versammlung gathering
versammlung assembly
unterlagen dossier
unterlagen documentation
unterlagen documents
profi professional
ghs ghs
gefeiert celebrated
dead dead
kaufen purchase
kaufen buy
kaufen buying
überreste remains
überreste leftovers
überreste remnants
veröffentlichen publish
cover cover
philippinen philippines
philippinen philippine
gäste visitors
gäste guests
gäste guest
betreffenden concerned
platten plates
platten panels
platten boards
platten slabs
platten records
verweisen refer
hört hears
hört hear
hört listening
hört listens
hört listen
bedeutete meant
bedeutete signified
angeführt spearheaded
angeführt cited
ostsee baltic
finnischen finnish
praktische practical
praktische handy
praktische practicalities
nachvollziehbar comprehensible
nachvollziehbar traceable
nachvollziehbar understandable
osmanischen ottoman
wahrgenommen perceived
bundesland province
bundesland länder
bundesland state
abkommen convention
abkommen conventions
abkommen agreement
abkommen agreements
weser weser
medium medium
fan fan
christentum christianity
verletzungen violations
verletzungen injury
verletzungen injuries
reaktionen reactions
reaktionen responses
reaktionen reaction
ausdehnung expansion
ausdehnung extension
ausdehnung expanse
beweisen proving
beweisen proof
beweisen prove
indianer indians
indianer indian
bemerkt noticed
edinburgh edinburgh
unnötig unnecessary
unnötig unnecessarily
unnötig needless
wider cons
besiegte defeated
entwarf designed
schweizerische swiss
pas pas
klan clan
klan klan
bet beit
bet bet
meinhard meinhard
sinsheim sinsheim
institutionelle institutional
zins interest
chatham chatham
beiseite aside
kriegsschiff battleship
kriegsschiff warship
regelrecht downright
zeugs stuff
orchestre orchestre
sägewerk sawmill
cheyenne cheyenne
waller waller
laurie laurie
diaz diaz
havilland havilland
charge batch
cody cody
schauspielerinnen actresses
schauspielerinnen actors
schauspielerinnen actress
nachrichtendienst intelligence
clifton clifton
kissinger kissinger
glatzer glatzer
unterzeichnen signing
unterzeichnen sign
macher doer
macher maker
macher makers
emscher emscher
kelheim kelheim
himbeere raspberry
artium artium
unsterblichkeit immortality
unsterblichkeit immortal
lourdes lourdes
konzerthaus konzerthaus
gansu gansu
streitereien quarrels
streitereien squabbles
sympathien sympathies
saure acidic
saure sour
parkhaus garage
neigungen inclinations
asteraceae compositae
absorbiert absorbing
absorbiert absorbs
absorbiert absorb
absorbiert absorbed
estrada estrada
wohlwollend sympathetic
wohlwollend honored
wohlwollend benevolent
wohlwollend favourably
primitive primitive
statistiker statistician
statistiker statisticians
kersten kersten
erpressung blackmailing
erpressung racketeering
erpressung extortion
erpressung blackmail
femmes femmes
schere scissors
schere shears
schere scissor
wyss wyss
hindemith hindemith
caldwell caldwell
rene rené
rene rene
hauptversammlung agm
maynard maynard
blogger blogger
blogger bloggers
poltawa poltava
einfahren retract
schüssel dish
schüssel basin
schüssel schüssel
schüssel bowl
kib kib
kling kling
hun hun
uneinigkeit discord
uneinigkeit disagreement
uneinigkeit disagreements
tiefenbach tiefenbach
seile rope
seile ropes
marrakesch marrakesh
marrakesch marrakech
dreifachen triplicate
schönefeld schönefeld
boa boa
hille hille
rheda rheda
sfsr sfsr
heiligkeit sanctity
heiligkeit holiness
torbjörn torbjörn
travemünde travemünde
ogg ogg
indre indre
hansi hansi
goss goss
ryū ryū
tum tum
staudinger staudinger
roubaix roubaix
ruhpolding ruhpolding
veteran veteran
corvette corvette
niederschrift minutes
niederschrift transcript
franca franca
schwächere weaker
aubrey aubrey
threads threads
brutale brutal
cercle cercle
haw haw
trabzonspor trabzonspor
trujillo trujillo
trajan trajan
baracke hut
baracke barracks
baracke shack
waldau waldau
ens ens
mph mph
vorgesetzte superiors
pekka pekka
nikephoros nikephoros
parkett stalls
parkett flooring
parkett parquet
magma magma
fellner fellner
harzburg harzburg
vorhergehende preceding
vorhergehende previous
dvořák dvořák
althoff althoff
konditionen terms
konditionen conditions
drews drews
gauthier gauthier
staatsangehörige nationals
turmspitze spire
fausto fausto
stimmig voices
zygmunt zygmunt
seahawks seahawks
aquileia aquileia
achtern aft
abchasien abkhazia
pali pali
achtet respects
beira beira
ornament ornament
build build
alligator alligator
agglomération agglomération
bündnisse covenants
bündnisse alliances
bündnisse pacts
bündnisse coalitions
antigen antigen
suspension suspension
jeremiah jeremiah
mastering mastering
beißen biting
beißen bite
kugler kugler
soho soho
unbesetzt unfilled
arbeitslosengeld unemployment
schaeffer schaeffer
mykologe mycologist
corinne corinne
rave rave
flugsicherung atc
mühelos effortlessly
mühelos effortless
hashimoto hashimoto
kleber adhesives
kleber glue
kleber gluten
kleber adhesive
unterschicht underclass
ostia ostia
proa proa
ostwald ostwald
umstrukturiert restructured
umstrukturiert reorganised
umstrukturiert reorganized
geselle journeyman
rekonstruktionen reconstructions
escola escola
militanten militant
militanten militants
verknüpfte linked
winckelmann winckelmann
gespeicherte stored
gespeicherte saved
leuschner leuschner
meisterkurse masterclasses
sauveur sauveur
jekyll jekyll
gestohlene stolen
dotierte doped
rationalisierung rationalise
rationalisierung rationalization
rationalisierung rationalisation
rationalisierung streamlining
brockmann brockmann
mädels chicks
mädels girls
mädels babes
mädels gals
plündern plundering
plündern plunder
plündern loot
plündern looting
erraten guessing
erraten guess
erraten guessed
bolschoi bolshoi
disqualifikation disqualification
verspielt playful
chirac chirac
mutige brave
mutige bold
mutige courageous
diplomatisch diplomatic
diplomatisch diplomatically
diplomatisch diplomacy
jazzfestival jazzfestival
würm würm
epidemiologie epidemiology
epidemiologie epidemiological
brandy brandy
leila leila
elastische resilient
elastische elastic
fanfare fanfare
indra indra
koptischen coptic
hmas hmas
hama hama
wisła wisła
pneumatische pneumatic
upgrade upgrade
geklickt clicked
christy christy
allegorien allegories
hearst hearst
verankern anchoring
verankern anchor
regulierten regulated
wikia wikia
rashid rashid
zauberhafte enchanting
falstaff falstaff
noviziat novitiate
souveräne sovereign
hyper hyper
borgward borgward
fontenay fontenay
angenähert approximated
afb afb
nida nida
ecker ecker
gewebes tissue
suspendierung suspension
berüchtigte notorious
berüchtigte infamous
bournemouth bournemouth
elastisch resilient
elastisch elastic
parasit parasitic
parasit parasite
freebsd freebsd
vorzüglich exquisite
vorzüglich delicious
vert vert
vader vader
zahlungsverkehr payments
vaillant vaillant
pelé pelé
bildschirme screens
bildschirme monitors
haines haines
downing downing
homophobie homophobia
rudd rudd
bereitwillig willingly
bereitwillig readily
rosenkavalier rosenkavalier
karatschi karachi
ept ept
dolan dolan
riesig huge
riesig gigantic
riesig enormous
riesig vast
ics ics
ostrom ostrom
fallingbostel fallingbostel
krajina krajina
feststellungen determinations
feststellungen findings
usbekischen uzbek
anson anson
carrière carrière
physique physique
vaz vaz
kontingente contingent
kontingente quotas
kontingente contingents
kontingente quota
woyzeck woyzeck
tigre tigre
janke janke
verdrehen twist
verdrehen skew
verdrehen twisting
scharmützel skirmishes
claussen claussen
divina divina
brillant brilliant
brillant brilliantly
occidentalis occidentalis
mahr mahr
strudel vortex
strudel strudel
strudel whirlpool
nägeln nails
toxische toxic
ausgewogenheit balanced
ausgewogenheit balancing
ausgewogenheit equilibrium
kollektivierung collectivization
innersten innermost
kda kda
amalfi amalfi
drehbar rotatable
geliehen borrowed
geliehen loaned
geliehen lent
spoiler spoiler
spoiler spoilers
attilio attilio
pärnu pärnu
hach hach
signe signe
nis nis
quartär quaternary
dogmatischen dogmatic
emmen emmen
annett annett
sapienza sapienza
cze cze
strawinsky stravinsky
dioden diodes
lebrecht lebrecht
maa maa
erblickte beheld
mikrowellen microwaves
mikrowellen microwave
teer tar
sandrine sandrine
herrick herrick
drahtlose wireless
hermannsburg hermannsburg
originellen original
beunruhigt alarmed
beunruhigt concerned
beunruhigt worried
beunruhigt disturbed
beunruhigt worries
beunruhigt troubled
methodisten methodists
ballsaal ballroom
gurt strap
gurt harness
gurt belt
laila laila
herat herat
nsv nsv
medicina medicina
morell morell
comptes comptes
mexicano abierto
degeneration degeneration
kirchenbänke pews
marte marte
dobrudscha dobruja
healy healy
immobilienmakler realtor
poli poli
respektiere respect
izumi izumi
zurückzahlen repay
zurückzahlen reimburse
farmington farmington
fötus foetus
fötus fetus
fötus fetal
moncton moncton
florierte prospered
breakers breakers
tonnage tonnage
relay relay
tamaulipas tamaulipas
suworow suvorov
lobbyist lobbyist
orks orcs
ashford ashford
frölunda frölunda
brucker brucker
isin isin
stonewall stonewall
yavapai yavapai
merode merode
musso musso
wrestlemania wrestlemania
tätowierung tattooing
tätowierung tattoo
tätowierung tattoos
luftfahrtindustrie aeronautical
luftfahrtindustrie aeronautics
luftfahrtindustrie aerospace
luftfahrtindustrie aviation
viviane viviane
nemzeti nemzeti
geraldo geraldo
tausendjährige millennial
hough hough
aves aves
rattle rattle
sherpa sherpa
impliziten implicit
gildemeister gildemeister
ulbrich ulbrich
seminolen seminole
mks fmd
bibliophilen bibliophiles
luxemburgisch luxembourgish
globo globo
idw idw
nahaufnahme closeup
christologie christology
freenet freenet
milos milos
rouergue rouergue
überschüsse surpluses
überschüsse surplus
bastien bastien
vilâyet vilayet
plein plein
latimer latimer
fridtjof fridtjof
dagblad dagblad
analysten analysts
analysten analyst
celli celli
tusk tusk
sto sto
affinis affinis
bonelli bonelli
cleo cleo
klumpen lumps
klumpen clots
klumpen clot
klumpen lump
thrombozyten platelet
hideki hideki
sicherstellt ensures
stigma stigma
madama madama
leitsätze guidelines
hyperbolische hyperbolic
pando pando
zersetzen decompose
schwierigste hardest
telford telford
brok brok
hohner hohner
schönstatt schoenstatt
neale neale
islington islington
gainsborough gainsborough
ukulele ukulele
voraussichtlichen prospective
plas plas
inich inich
freihandelszone fta
namib namib
halskette necklace
halskette necklaces
modernität modernity
modernität modernism
flaminia flaminia
grammys grammys
xtreme xtreme
hugin hugin
multiplizieren multiply
multiplizieren multiplication
multiplizieren multiplying
interferometer interferometer
olímpico olímpico
ntv ntv
moebius moebius
diu diu
brüllen roar
brüllen shouting
brüllen shout
brüllen roaring
brüllen yell
jervis jervis
reifferscheid reifferscheid
gegenmittel antidote
hape hape
spirituell spiritually
malkovich malkovich
tinker tinker
aip aip
baa baa
misfits misfits
puskás puskás
korinther corinthians
heiberg heiberg
petrowna petrovna
wooster wooster
graecorum graecorum
schalldämpfer silencers
schalldämpfer silencer
longchamp longchamp
strahlend radiant
strahlend bright
lavendel lavender
küstengewässer coastal
janda janda
brookes brookes
padi padi
arai arai
katzenbach katzenbach
necaxa necaxa
evaristo evaristo
giurgiu giurgiu
sarreguemines sarreguemines
michaud michaud
unverschlüsselt unencrypted
pianissimo pianissimo
devonport devonport
feststoffe solids
olena olena
kodieren encode
verfeinern refine
verfeinern refining
copán copán
botticelli botticelli
castellum castellum
lale lale
mycobacterium mycobacterium
aleister aleister
nusa nusa
kurbelgehäuse crankcase
golfo golfo
bulla bulla
alitalia alitalia
meise meise
matsuyama matsuyama
naacp naacp
pelagius pelagius
quesada quesada
deerfield deerfield
ørsted ørsted
sprichwörtliche proverbial
tetsuya tetsuya
vmware vmware
konsolidierten consolidated
twa twa
kristoffer kristoffer
leela leela
wechselbeziehungen interrelations
sabor sabor
setlist setlist
abstoßend repellent
abstoßend repulsive
abstoßend repugnant
überproduktion overproduction
itt itt
sociedade sociedade
amida amida
personalisierte personalized
personalisierte personalised
boelcke boelcke
dissonanz dissonance
pickups pickups
tiller tiller
dge dge
pochen throbbing
divan divan
juillet juin
mohegan mohegan
gillan gillan
integra integra
hervey hervey
zentralistischen centralist
onsen onsen
nowiki nowiki
böker boker
propagandist propagandist
gascoyne gascoyne
feil feil
krahn krahn
sitcoms sitcoms
autocad autocad
massoud massoud
salafisten salafis
geile awesome
geile horny
pou pou
kurzsichtigkeit myopia
jonson jonson
einflüsse influences
echten real
echten genuine
unbekannte unknown
angewendet applied
rue rue
ronald ronald
fische fishes
fische pisces
fische fish
kleidung apparel
kleidung dress
kleidung attire
kleidung clothing
kleidung clothes
erlaubnis permission
wen whom
wen who
wen wen
quer across
quer transverse
epoche eras
epoche epoch
eintragen register
eintragen enter
dünn skinny
dünn thin
dünn sparse
leinwand canvas
leinwand screen
ankunft arrival
ankunft arriving
ankunft arrive
ankunft arrivals
verändern changing
verändern modify
verändern alter
systemen systems
nummern numbers
decken ceilings
decken blankets
decken cover
tafel blackboard
unterfamilie subfamily
produzieren producing
produzieren produce
vorwort preamble
vorwort foreword
vorwort preface
mexico mexico
böhmischen bohemian
helene helene
helene helen
syn syn
phoenix phoenix
gelassen complacent
anpassung adjustments
anpassung adaption
anpassung adjustment
anpassung adaptation
anpassung customization
gleise platforms
gleise tracks
betreuung support
betreuung mentoring
betreuung supervision
betreuung care
bobby bobby
entdecken discovering
entdecken explore
entdecken detect
entdecken discover
entdecken discovery
hut hut
hut hats
hut hat
erlauben enable
erlauben allow
erlauben permit
reifen tires
reifen tyres
reifen tire
reifen tyre
reifen mature
komitee committee
komitee comité
eichstätt eichstätt
anzeigen classifieds
anzeigen display
anzeigen view
anzeigen ads
anzeigen show
kosovo kosovo
abschied goodbyes
abschied farewell
abschied goodbye
hunderte hundreds
portugiesisch portuguese
fis fis
jay jay
himmelfahrt ascension
himmelfahrt assumption
anbieten offering
anbieten offer
true true
handschrift handwriting
handschrift manuscript
ohren ear
ohren ears
variiert varies
variiert vary
elias elias
elias elia
naturforscher naturalist
holmes holmes
stolz pride
stolz proud
stolz proudly
stolz stolz
alexandre alexandre
alexandre alexander
alb alb
äthiopien ethiopia
äthiopien ethiopian
erlassen enactment
erlassen enact
erlassen adopted
erlassen enacted
einigung unification
erläuterungen remarks
erläuterungen explanatory
erläuterungen explanation
erläuterungen explanations
audi audi
schlag blow
schlag hit
schlag beat
schlag punch
schlag slap
schlag strike
apsis apse
bundesweit countrywide
bundesweit nationwide
ausgetauscht exchanged
trust trust
scottish scottish
nachweise proofs
nachweise proof
nachweise evidence
bewahren preserve
bewahren preserving
bewahren keep
bewahren conserve
steinbruch quarrying
steinbruch quarries
steinbruch quarry
mähren moravian
mähren moravia
sammler collector
sammler gatherers
sammler collectors
rosenheim rosenheim
komm come
süddeutsche süddeutsche
lima lima
socke sock
socke socks
heftigen fierce
adressen adresses
adressen addresses
adressen address
monatlich monthly
bewiesen proved
bewiesen demonstrated
bewiesen proven
giorgio giorgio
clarke clarke
währenddessen meanwhile
ausgeprägt pronounced
armenien armenia
überrascht surprise
überrascht surprised
absoluten absolute
thematisch thematic
thematisch themed
thematisch thematically
letzteren latter
quelltext code
muttersprache native
abständen intervals
reporter reporter
reporter reporters
gleichwohl nevertheless
grundsätze fundamentals
grundsätze principles
verlangte demanded
weißrussland belarus
weißrussland yemen
weißrussland minsk
präsidentin president
hubschrauber choppers
hubschrauber helicopter
hubschrauber chopper
hubschrauber helicopters
sean sean
redir redir
mechanischen mechanical
eingesetzte deployed
schwieriger harder
oldenbourg oldenbourg
verschollen disappeared
cameron cameron
siebte seventh
dreißig thirty
elberfeld elberfeld
impact impact
interpreten performers
elster elster
elster magpie
coupé coupé
coupé coupe
kanzlei firm
kanzlei chancery
kanzlei registry
schwächen weakness
schwächen weaken
schwächen weaknesses
reduktion reduction
eduardo eduardo
verhinderte prevented
musikwissenschaftler musicologist
living living
jüngster youngest
einheimische natives
einheimische native
einheimische locals
einheimische indigenous
strömungen currents
prominenten celebrity
prominenten celebrities
prominenten prominent
dimensionen dimensions
dimensionen dimension
psychologe psychologist
psychologe psychologists
psychologe psychology
familiennamen surnames
hilfsmittel aids
hilfsmittel tools
hilfsmittel utilities
scherz joke
scherz prank
scherz joking
scherz kidding
columbus columbus
bleibe stayin
bleibe staying
endpunkt endpoint
endpunkt terminus
import importing
import import
import imported
freiwilliger voluntary
freiwilliger volunteer
torsten torsten
verstecken hide
verstecken hiding
alpine alpine
dachverband confederation
bevorzugte preferred
bevorzugte preferential
ger ger
ger eng
kenny kenny
anita anita
wohlhabenden affluent
wohlhabenden prosperous
deckt covers
leone leone
drückt expresses
drückt pushes
martínez martinez
martínez martínez
auslagerung outsourcing
unerwünschter undesired
unerwünschter unwanted
memphis memphis
ssr ssr
defa defa
tessin ticino
gefolge entourage
andernfalls otherwise
bytes byte
bytes bytes
stumpf blunt
stumpf stump
stumpf dull
dawn dawn
check check
cox cox
urs urs
beruflich occupational
beruflich professionally
bagdad baghdad
begrenzung restriction
begrenzung limitation
begrenzung limit
begrenzung limiting
ungeachtet notwithstanding
ungeachtet irrespective
ungeachtet regardless
lund lund
spin spin
lion lion
gemäßigten temperate
gemäßigten moderates
arbeitsplatz workstation
arbeitsplatz workstations
arbeitsplatz work
arbeitsplatz workplaces
arbeitsplatz workplace
syrischen syrian
brandenburger brandenburg
bergsteiger mountaineers
bergsteiger mountaineer
bergsteiger climber
bergsteiger climbers
regimenter regiments
buchhändler bookseller
buchhändler bookstore
buchhändler bookshops
buchhändler booksellers
chrysler chrysler
spital hospital
integrierten integrated
verstößt violates
verstößt infringes
disc disc
festplatte hdd
festplatte disk
kämpft fights
erläutern explain
papa dad
papa daddy
papa papa
annahmen assumptions
einkünfte revenues
einkünfte income
araber arab
araber arabs
araber arabian
araber arabic
jugoslawischen yugoslav
jugoslawischen yugoslavian
hindernis obstacle
hindernis impediment
hindernis barrier
beabsichtigt intended
beabsichtigt intends
voraussichtlich anticipated
voraussichtlich likely
voraussichtlich expected
kriegt gets
rumänisch romanian
donna donna
traditioneller traditional
gudrun gudrun
oriental oriental
volt volt
volt volts
romano romano
ehrenamtliche honorary
ehrenamtliche volunteers
tsg tsg
erwärmung warming
bots bots
andre andre
andre andré
gesteht admits
gesteht confessing
gesteht confess
gesteht confessed
gesteht confesses
hersfeld hersfeld
roboter robotics
roboter robots
roboter robotic
roboter robot
mächtig mighty
mächtig powerful
disqualifiziert disqualified
redner orator
redner speakers
redner speaker
zwerg gnomes
zwerg midget
zwerg dwarf
versetzung reassignment
elektronischer electronic
elektronischer ecommerce
montage montage
montage assembling
montage assembly
montage mounting
töchtern daughters
zulässige admissible
zulässige allowable
zulässige permissible
kartoffeln potatoes
kartoffeln potato
général général
katalonien girona
katalonien catalunya
katalonien catalonia
scheitert fails
scheitert failing
goldberg goldberg
eigner owners
kirchdorf kirchdorf
sterling sterling
ehen marriages
wow wow
hergestellte manufactured
enthüllt reveals
enthüllt revealed
enthüllt unveiled
galaxy galaxy
bewirtschaftet farmed
bewirtschaftet managed
hörer listener
hörer listeners
kriegsschiffe battleships
kriegsschiffe warships
kriegsschiffe warship
izmir smyrna
izmir izmir
unna unna
hawk hawk
schaue watching
commodore commodore
täler valleys
außergewöhnliche extraordinary
außergewöhnliche exceptional
bezweifelt doubted
dvp dvp
miriam miriam
auftakt kickoff
auftakt prelude
reichenau reichenau
willibald willibald
privileg privilege
gehandhabt handled
berufsausbildung vocational
spinnen spinning
spinnen spiders
spinnen spider
kunstgewerbeschule kunstgewerbeschule
durchzogen crisscrossed
kredite credit
kredite loan
kredite credits
kredite loans
kredite lending
eingeräumt conceded
leicester leicester
interessantes interesting
susanna susanna
stationierten stationed
nationalliga nationalliga
agatha agatha
einzelpersonen individuals
dauerhaften durable
dauerhaften lasting
signifikant significantly
signifikant significant
wasserkraft hydro
wasserkraft hydroelectricity
wasserkraft hydroelectric
wasserkraft hydropower
stuck stuck
stuck stucco
lüdenscheid lüdenscheid
barbarossa barbarossa
bäcker bakers
bäcker baker
bäcker bakery
oak oak
chapel chapel
beaulieu beaulieu
assistentin assistant
unwichtig unimportant
unwichtig irrelevant
unwichtig insignificant
reggae reggae
innovationen innovation
innovationen innovate
innovationen innovations
petr petr
meilenstein landmark
meilenstein milestones
meilenstein milestone
palme palme
palme palm
projektion projecting
projektion projection
projektion projections
erzbischöfe archbishops
warst wast
legitim legitimately
legitim legitimate
legitim legit
usbekistan uzbekistan
usbekistan uzbek
usbekistan tashkent
metaphysik metaphysics
amtssprache language
traunstein traunstein
nzz nzz
zivil civil
zivil civilian
tuch cloth
viertes fourth
asch ash
erhöhter elevated
erhöhter heightened
mairie mairie
kristallisiert crystallized
künstlerhaus künstlerhaus
gesandtschaft legation
bergheim bergheim
bewaffnet armed
lunge pulmonary
lunge lung
lunge lungs
übergänge crossings
übergänge transitions
übergänge transition
miroslav miroslav
seth seth
fracht cargo
fracht freight
zska cska
rousseau rousseau
stabilen stable
baumgarten baumgarten
wiegen weigh
wiegen weighing
lightning lightning
gabler gabler
samson samson
samson sampson
verschmelzung merger
verschmelzung fusion
keil wedge
ludwigslust ludwigslust
einsamkeit loneliness
einsamkeit solitude
einsamkeit lonely
einsamkeit solitary
vage vaguely
vage vague
seenplatte seenplatte
kick kick
neulich recently
meditation meditation
bischoff bischoff
seriös reputable
seriös legit
seriös respectable
crash crash
crash crashes
anwälte attorneys
anwälte solicitors
anwälte lawyers
anwälte advocates
mühldorf mühldorf
pur neat
pur pure
pur pur
schutzgebiete sanctuaries
nationalisten nationalists
nationalisten nationalist
elle elle
verputzt plastered
absicherung hedging
absicherung hedge
deutschlandradio deutschlandradio
arosa arosa
verträgen treaties
ziegel bricks
ziegel tile
ziegel brick
ziegel tiles
gleichzusetzen equate
tomas tomas
schlank skinny
schlank slim
schlank lean
schlank slender
inka inca
inka inka
libri libri
györgy györgy
garrett garrett
garrett garret
friedlich peacefully
friedlich peaceful
aisch aisch
schönfeld schönfeld
kultiviert refined
kultiviert sophisticated
kultiviert cultured
kultiviert cultivated
scherben shards
cristina cristina
ottokar ottokar
joaquín joaquin
joaquín joaquín
walde walde
manuela manuela
tageslicht daylight
quarz quartz
schrauben screws
schrauben fasteners
schrauben bolts
schrauben screw
riccardo riccardo
finanzministerium treasury
unterer inferior
unterer bottom
calcium calcium
wetten bets
wetten betting
wetten wager
wetten bet
werbespots commercials
fachwissen expertise
zerbst zerbst
schaefer schaefer
sowjets soviets
cher cher
benutzerkonto account
haie sharks
haie shark
mauthausen mauthausen
stationären stationary
kommissionen commissions
kommissionen committees
ausgenutzt exploited
molare molar
fukushima fukushima
renato renato
ägypter egyptians
ägypter egyptian
karikaturen caricatures
karikaturen cartoons
karikaturen cartoon
herkömmliche conventional
breitere wider
breitere broader
befallen infested
befallen afflicted
konzentrationen concentrations
konzentrationen concentration
ambitionen aspirations
ambitionen ambition
ambitionen ambitions
juris juris
gouverneure governors
unzufriedenheit unhappiness
unzufriedenheit discontent
unzufriedenheit dissatisfaction
gliedmaßen limb
gliedmaßen limbs
gliedmaßen extremities
hypothesen hypotheses
hypothesen assumptions
hypothesen hypothesis
durchbrochen breached
schlamm sludge
schlamm mud
schlamm silt
schlamm slurry
schlamm slime
unangemessen unsuitable
unangemessen unreasonable
unangemessen improper
unangemessen inappropriate
integral integral
neuenahr neuenahr
erörtert discusses
erörtert discussed
basse basse
stoffwechsel metabolism
stoffwechsel metabolic
sande sands
kuss kisses
kuss kiss
fichtelgebirge fichtelgebirge
bor bor
bor boron
chirurgischen surgical
umschreiben rewriting
umschreiben paraphrase
umschreiben rewrite
gerechte equitable
kooperiert cooperates
kooperiert cooperated
petite petite
haider haider
aufrechtzuerhalten sustain
frommen pious
frommen devout
mettmann mettmann
vergeht fades
zombie zombie
überlingen überlingen
ramses rameses
patrice patrice
almeida almeida
brände fire
brände fires
storch stork
blicken gaze
kali kali
briefkasten mailbox
unbestimmte indefinite
unbestimmte indeterminate
unbestimmte undefined
unbestimmte unspecified
sek sek
sek sec
unerwünschten undesired
unerwünschten unwanted
unerwünschten undesirable
fernsehturm tower
engelhardt engelhardt
busbahnhof bus
suárez suárez
suárez suarez
henne hen
abtrennung separation
jörn jörn
reichsrat reichsrat
browne browne
gillespie gillespie
darling darlin
darling darling
vis vis
albion albion
besorgte worried
pfaffenhofen pfaffenhofen
elvira elvira
verrückte crazy
verrückte crazies
nike nike
coppa coppa
oracle oracle
malawi malawi
groove groove
aggregat aggregate
ilias ilias
vieux vieux
bergung salvage
bergung rescue
saab saab
shepherd shepherd
ausbrach erupted
hradec hradec
fünfziger fifties
realistischen realistic
starnberg starnberg
landschaftlich scenic
amur amur
trump trump
konvertiert converted
konvertiert converts
brocken brocken
romy romy
input input
empfängnis conceive
empfängnis conception
arad arad
freytag freytag
reeves reeves
unterschlupf shelter
unterschlupf hideout
dolores dolores
kreuzfahrer crusaders
père père
deich dike
rationale rationale
rationale rational
schwarzweiß monochrome
yin yin
zwölfte twelfth
steinbrüche quarries
proportionen proportions
proportionen proportion
vorrichtung device
vorrichtung fixture
sticht stings
sticht stabs
inhaltsstoffe ingredient
inhaltsstoffe ingredients
klauen claws
klauen steal
klauen stealing
bello bello
bethel bethel
lautstärke volume
abbé abbé
wojciech wojciech
