from vom
from von
from ab
from aus
this dieser
this diese
this das
page seite
page seiten
years jahren
years jahre
city stadt
september september
following folgenden
following folgend
following folgende
work arbeiten
work werk
work arbeit
work arbeitsplatz
football football
football fußballspiel
football fußball
football fussball
title überschrift
title titel
title anrede
family familien
family familie
keep bewahren
keep halten
keep beibehalten
keep behalten
www www
games spiel
games videospiele
games spiele
games spielen
films filmen
films filme
films folien
image abbildung
image bild
image abbild
set set
set festgelegt
set setzen
set satz
set gesetzt
set einstellen
own eigenes
own eigener
own eigene
own eigenen
career laufbahn
career karriere
career werdegang
original ursprünglich
original ursprünglichen
original original
original originell
original originellen
service dienstleistung
service service
clubs diskotheken
clubs clubs
clubs vereine
clubs klubs
official beamter
official offizielles
official offizielle
official offizieller
official offiziellen
final endgültig
final finale
final endgültige
final endgültigen
final letzte
without ohne
without without
along entlang
include einschließen
include enthalten
include beinhalten
include umfassen
given gegeben
black schwarzer
black schwarze
black black
black schwarz
black schwarzen
building bauwesen
building baugewerbe
building bauen
building gebäude
research forschungen
research forschung
research recherchen
places plätze
places orte
places ortschaften
undo zurücknehmen
undo rückgängig
undo widerrufen
undo aufheben
know weiß
know kenn
know wissen
know weiss
know kennen
category kategorien
category kategorie
field field
field feld
field spielfeld
development entwicklungspolitik
development entwicklungen
development entwicklung
india indien
royal königliches
royal königliche
royal royal
royal königlichen
royal königlich
street strassen
street strasse
street street
street straße
street straßen
various verschieden
various verschiedenen
various diverse
various verschiedene
reason grund
reason vernunft
related verwandten
related verwandte
related verwandt
related verbundene
led führte
led led
led geleitet
led geführt
news aktuell
news neuheiten
news neuigkeiten
news nachrichten
news aktuelles
books buch
books bücher
editor editoren
editor herausgeber
editor redakteur
editor editor
editor redaktion
male männlichen
male männliche
male männer
male männlich
male rüde
male männchen
might könnte
might vielleicht
sports freizeit
sports sportarten
sports sport
already schon
already bereits
buildings gebäuden
buildings bauwerke
buildings gebäude
fact tatsache
fact fakt
less weniger
less abzüglich
isbn issn
isbn isbn
human mensch
human menschlicher
human menschen
human menschliche
human menschlichen
action aktion
action maßnahme
action aktionen
action klage
action maßnahmen
paul paulus
paul paul
minister minister
minister ministerin
release release
release freigeben
release freigabe
worked gearbeitet
worked arbeitete
police polizeistation
police polizisten
police polizei
users verwender
users anwender
users nutzer
users benutzer
italian italiener
italian italienischer
italian italienischen
italian italienisch
italian italienische
close close
close nahe
close schließen
close nah
close nähe
forces streitkräfte
forces kräfte
rights rechte
rights bürgerrechte
range sortiment
range reichweite
range bereich
range produktpalette
win gewinnen
win gewinne
win sieg
win gewinn
night übernachtung
night nächte
night nacht
night nachtleben
night nachts
joined angeschlossen
joined trat
joined beigetreten
completed abgeschlossen
completed fertiggestellt
completed beendet
google google
saint heiligen
saint heiliger
saint saint
saint st
spanish spanisch
spanish spanischer
spanish spanischen
spanish spanische
size größe
size grösse
private privater
private privat
private privatleben
private privaten
private private
artists künstlern
artists künstlerinnen
artists künstler
mark markieren
mark markierung
mark marke
mark mark
federal federal
federal bundes
virginia virginia
car mietwagen
car auto
car wagen
car pkw
car autovermietung
study studium
study studie
study arbeitszimmer
characters charaktere
characters figuren
characters schriftzeichen
characters zeichen
characters buchstaben
interest zinssatz
interest zinsen
interest interessen
interest zins
interest interesse
largest größter
largest größte
largest grösste
largest größten
largest größtes
sometimes manchmal
sometimes mitunter
sometimes zuweilen
bank banken
bank bank
industry wirtschaft
industry industrie
industry branchen
olympic olympia
olympic olympic
olympic olympische
olympic olympischen
competition wettkampf
competition wettbewerb
theatre theater
empire kaiserreich
empire empire
empire reich
additional zusätzliches
additional zusätzlich
additional zusätzlichen
additional zusätzliche
airport flugplatz
airport flughäfen
airport flughafen
placed platziert
placed platzierte
foreign außenpolitik
foreign ausländische
foreign ausland
foreign ausländischen
parliament parlament
test test
test testen
test prüfung
parts einzelteile
parts ersatzteile
parts teile
tournament turnier
tournament turniere
tournament wettkampf
mountain berge
mountain berg
mountain gebirge
mountain bergwelt
saw säge
saw gesehen
saw sah
saw sahen
introduced vorgestellt
introduced eingeführt
regular regulär
regular regelmäßige
regular reguläre
regular regelmäßiger
regular regelmäßig
commercial kommerziellen
commercial kommerzielle
commercial gewerbliche
commercial kommerziell
religious religiöse
religious religiösen
religious religionen
religious religiös
economic wirtschaftlichen
economic wirtschaftliche
economic wirtschaftlich
economic wirtschafts
structure strukturen
structure aufbau
structure gliederung
structure struktur
minutes minuten
minutes protokolle
minutes niederschrift
minutes protokoll
spain spanien
spain kanaren
web web
web netz
web webseite
web webseiten
russia rußland
russia russland
attendance teilnahme
attendance teilnehmerzahl
attendance besucherzahlen
attendance anwesenheit
saying sagen
saying sprichwort
saying redensart
elections neuwahlen
elections wahlen
matter angelegenheit
matter materie
particularly besonders
particularly insbesondere
response reaktion
response antwort
response ansprechen
response response
needed gebraucht
needed benötigt
needed notwendig
needed erforderlich
iii ill
iii iii
turn drehen
turn wende
turn turn
villages dorf
villages dörfer
villages ortschaften
secondary sekundär
secondary sekundäre
secondary sekundarstufe
secondary sekundärer
mission leitbild
mission aufgabe
mission mission
mission missionen
mission auftrag
pacific pazifischen
pacific pazifische
pacific pacific
pacific pazifik
pass bestanden
pass weitergeben
pass übergeben
pass vergehen
pass pass
purpose zweck
purpose verwendungszweck
bishop bischof
bishop bischöfe
bishop bishop
bishop läufer
bishop bischofs
justice gerechtigkeit
justice justiz
administration verwaltung
israel israel
chart diagramm
chart abbildung
sites seiten
sites webseiten
sites standorte
architecture architektur
supported gefördert
supported unterstützte
supported unterstützt
supported unterstützten
girl mädchen
girl girl
passed weitergegeben
passed bestanden
passed vergangen
passed übergeben
except außer
except ausser
except ausgenommen
oil heizöl
oil erdöl
oil öle
oil öl
speedy rasche
speedy schnelle
metal metall
metal metallverarbeitung
metal metal
metal metallbearbeitung
metal metalle
larger größer
larger grösser
larger grössere
larger größeren
larger größere
miles meilen
miles miles
miles kilometer
camp lager
camp ferienlager
camp camp
camp campingplatz
camp campingplätze
cut ausschneiden
cut schnitt
cut cut
cut schneiden
cut abschneiden
beach sandstrand
beach strände
beach strand
descent abstammung
descent abfahrt
descent abstieg
authority behörde
authority vollmacht
authority autorität
projects projekte
projects vorhaben
projects projekten
looks aussieht
looks sieht
looks aussehen
looks scheint
amount betrag
amount höhe
useful nützliche
useful nützliches
useful nützlich
useful hilfreich
defense verteidigung
defense verteidigungsministerium
defense abwehr
defense selbstverteidigung
champions meister
champions champions
mainly hauptsächlich
mainly überwiegend
mainly vorwiegend
auto auto
auto automatik
auto automatisch
net net
net netz
net netto
judge judge
judge richter
judge richterin
novels romane
resolution auflösung
resolution entschließung
alternative alternativen
alternative alternative
alternative alternativer
alternative alternativ
alternative hilfsweise
difficult schwierig
difficult schwer
difficult schwierige
suggest schlage
suggest empfehlen
suggest vorschlagen
emperor imperator
emperor kaiser
emperor herrscher
emperor kaisers
consider überlegen
consider betrachten
consider erwägen
machine maschine
machine werkzeugmaschinen
minnesota minnesota
types arten
types typen
berlin berlin
conditions geschäftsbedingungen
conditions voraussetzungen
conditions konditionen
conditions bedingungen
iron eiserne
iron eisen
iron bügeleisen
effects wirkungen
effects effekte
effects wirkung
effects auswirkungen
effects effekt
reporting berichte
reporting berichterstattung
reporting meldung
sweden schweden
rivers flüsse
rivers flüssen
rivers rivers
split teilen
split aufteilen
split split
split geteilt
lieutenant lieutenant
lieutenant lt
lieutenant oberleutnant
lieutenant leutnant
environment umwelt
environment umgebung
environment umweltpolitik
environment umweltschutz
affairs angelegenheiten
composer komponistin
composer komponist
composer komponisten
atlantic mittelmeer
atlantic atlantic
atlantic atlantikküste
atlantic atlantik
daniel daniel
certainly gewiss
certainly sicher
certainly sicherlich
sciences naturwissenschaften
sciences wissenschaften
sciences wissenschaft
scale waage
scale skalieren
scale maßstab
scale skalierung
scale skala
produce produzieren
typically normalerweise
typically üblicherweise
typically gewöhnlich
typically typisch
typically typischerweise
applied angewandte
applied angewandt
applied angewendet
applied beantragte
normal normaler
normal normale
normal normalen
normal normales
normal normal
wars kriege
wars krieg
wars kriegen
wars wars
reach reichweite
reach erreiche
reach reach
reach erreichen
flag flaggen
flag flagge
flag fahne
acquired gekauft
acquired erworbene
acquired erworben
remain bleiben
remain verbleiben
remain bleibt
nuclear kernkraft
nuclear kernenergie
nuclear nukleare
nuclear nuklear
nuclear nuklearen
nuclear atomenergie
easily leicht
stat stat
railroad eisenbahn
railroad bahnlinie
railroad railroad
railroad bahn
loan kredit
loan darlehen
loan kredite
revealed zeigte
revealed offenbarte
revealed aufgedeckt
revealed enthüllt
revealed offenbart
conservative konservativ
conservative konservativen
conservative conservative
conservative konservativer
conservative konservative
sections sektionen
sections abschnitte
tax steuer
tax steuern
tax steuersatz
mile mile
mile meilen
mile meile
classic klassisch
classic klassik
classic classic
classic klassische
classic klassiker
classic klassischen
davis davis
marked markierten
marked markiert
marked gekennzeichnet
marked markierte
heard gehört
heard hörten
heard hörte
starring hauptrolle
starring hauptrollen
starring darsteller
starring hauptdarsteller
logs protokoll
logs logbuch
logs protokolle
deputy stellvertretende
deputy stellvertreter
deputy stellvertretender
deputy deputy
difference unterschied
difference unterschiede
difference differenz
wrestling ringer
wrestling wrestling
wrestling ringen
growing wachsenden
growing wächst
growing wachsende
growing wachsen
mobile mobile
mobile mobilfunk
mobile beweglich
mobile handys
mobile mobil
mobile mobilgeräte
eye eye
eye augen
eye auge
longs longs
definition definition
definition begriffsbestimmungen
definition begriffsbestimmung
definition definitionen
draw zeichnen
draw unentschieden
draw verlosung
draw ziehen
steel stahlindustrie
steel stahl
expansion ausweitung
expansion expansion
expansion ausdehnung
expansion ausbau
expansion erweiterung
iowa iowa
save save
save speichern
save sparen
save retten
save speichere
identified identifizierte
identified identifiziert
voivodeship woiwodschaft
portuguese portugiesisch
portuguese portugiesischer
portuguese portugiesen
portuguese portugiesischen
portuguese portugiesische
queensland queensland
hills hügeln
hills berge
hills hügel
hills hills
moon mond
moon moon
athletics leichtathletik
switzerland schweiz
vietnam vietnam
boat boote
boat segelboot
boat boot
boat schiff
arena arena
incident ereignis
incident vorfall
incident zwischenfall
southeast südost
southeast südöstlich
southeast südosten
topics themenbereiche
topics themen
chapter kapitel
visual visueller
visual visuelle
visual visuell
visual visuellen
visual optisch
officials beamter
officials beamte
officials amtsträger
officials funktionäre
officials beamten
sat sa
sat saßen
sat saß
sat sat
posted veröffentlichte
posted gepostet
posted geschrieben
posted veröffentlicht
posted gesendet
sexual sexuell
sexual sexuellen
sexual geschlechtsverkehr
sexual sexueller
sexual sexuelle
internal interner
internal intern
internal innere
internal internen
internal interne
discussed diskutiert
discussed erörtert
discussed besprochen
discussed diskutierte
discussed diskutierten
quebec québec
quebec quebec
ranked rangfolge
ranked geordnet
ranked rangliste
gmina gmina
accept annehmen
accept akzeptiere
accept akzeptiert
accept akzeptieren
warning warnungen
warning achtung
warning warnhinweis
warning warnung
coaches trainer
coaches personenwagen
coaches busse
explain erkläre
explain erklären
explain erläutern
authorities behörden
authorities gebietskörperschaften
fan fächer
fan lüfter
fan ventilatoren
fan fan
fan gebläse
notify benachrichtigen
notify benachrichtigt
billboard billboard
billboard plakat
interior inneneinrichtung
interior innenräume
interior innenausstattung
interior innenraum
interior inneren
interior interieur
bands bands
bands bänder
cat katze
cat kater
cat katzen
cat cat
romania rumänien
failure scheitern
failure versagen
failure fehlschlag
failure ausfall
calls aufrufe
calls fordert
calls anrufe
calls ruft
rear rückseite
rear hinten
fuel heizöl
fuel brennstoff
fuel kraftstoff
fuel treibstoff
fuel brennstoffe
condition bedingung
condition voraussetzung
condition zustand
condition kondition
launch start
launch starten
launch markteinführung
launch einführung
changing ändern
changing verändern
ukraine ukraine
persons personen
attacked attackiert
attacked überfallen
attacked angegriffen
creator schöpfer
creator urheber
starts startet
starts fängt
starts beginnt
carry carry
carry tragen
sky himmel
sky sky
pdf pdf
dream dream
dream träume
dream traum
dream träumen
decades jahrzehnten
decades jahrzehnte
reform reformieren
reform reformen
reform reform
path trasse
path pfad
path weg
path path
humans mensch
humans menschen
moore moore
strongly stark
visited besucht
visited besuchten
visited besichtigt
visited besuchte
arm arm
suggests suggeriert
brain hirn
brain gehirn
brain gehirne
brain brain
opportunity möglichkeit
opportunity gelegenheit
opportunity chancen
productions produktionen
productions produktion
drawn gezeichnet
drawn gezogen
advice beratung
advice rat
advice ratschläge
index index
index inhaltsverzeichnis
index sachregister
documents dokumenten
documents urkunden
documents dokumente
documents unterlagen
voting abstimmungen
voting abstimmung
voting stimmrecht
voting abstimmen
voting stimmen
fantasy fantasy
fantasy fantasien
fantasy phantasie
fantasy fantasie
anna anna
composition zusammensetzung
composition komposition
salt salzen
salt salz
salt salt
salt salze
salt salzwasser
bot bot
dam talsperre
dam damm
dam staudamm
dam dam
dam stausee
blocks blocks
blocks blöcke
blocks bausteine
meanwhile unterdessen
meanwhile mittlerweile
meanwhile inzwischen
meanwhile währenddessen
pierre pierre
engaged verlobt
engaged engagiert
successor nachfolgerin
successor nachfolge
successor nachfolger
bytes byte
bytes bytes
capture erfassung
capture einfangen
capture abscheidung
capture erfassen
snow schnee
snow schneefall
dakota dakota
invited eingeladene
invited eingeladen
patients patientinnen
patients patienten
combination kombi
combination kombinationen
combination kombination
ottoman osmanischen
ottoman osmanen
ottoman osmanische
vertical senkrecht
vertical vertikalen
vertical senkrechte
vertical vertikal
vertical vertikale
neighborhood gegend
neighborhood nachbarschaft
neighborhood viertel
neighborhood stadtviertel
pool freibad
pool schwimmbad
pool schwimmbecken
pool pool
bible bibel
represents vertritt
represents repräsentiert
viewers zuschauer
viewers aufrufe
viewers zuschauern
viewers betrachter
differences differenzen
differences unterschiede
steam dampf
steam steam
steam dampfbad
steam wasserdampf
testing test
testing testen
testing prüfung
testing tests
thu do
hurricane hurrikan
hurricane orkan
hurricane hurricane
hurricane wirbelsturm
stores läden
stores filialen
stores geschäften
stores geschäfte
rice reis
factors faktoren
phrase phrase
phrase satz
phrase ausdruck
phrase begriff
goods waren
goods güter
merely lediglich
evil böse
evil böses
evil übel
evil bösen
historians historiker
helping helfen
helping hilft
processes prozessen
processes vorgänge
processes prozesse
frequency häufigkeit
frequency frequenz
frequency frequenzbereich
frequency frequenzen
frequency periodizität
orleans orleans
orleans orléans
murray murray
uefa uefa
agencies agenturen
agencies reisebüros
agencies vertretungen
knew wussten
knew kannte
knew wusste
knew wußte
licensed lizenziert
licensed lizenzierte
licensed zugelassene
licensed zugelassen
organ orgel
organ organ
besides außerdem
besides neben
organisations organisationen
richmond richmond
sisters sisters
sisters schwestern
unusual ungewöhnliche
unusual außergewöhnlich
unusual ungewöhnlich
unusual unüblich
yourself selber
yourself selbst
moves bewegt
moves umzüge
nebraska nebraska
nevada nevada
operates betreibt
operates operiert
flowers blüten
flowers blumen
definitely unbedingt
definitely definitiv
rangers rangers
rangers ranger
occasionally gelegentlich
critic kritiker
tigers tiger
tigers tigers
gang syndikat
gang gang
gang banden
gang bande
printed bedruckt
printed gedruckte
printed gedruckt
oak oak
oak eichen
oak eiche
angel engels
angel engel
angel schutzengel
angel engeln
angel angel
delivered lieferte
delivered geliefert
delivered zugestellt
delivered ausgeliefert
victorian viktorianischen
legislature legislative
legislature gesetzgebung
legislature legislaturperiode
legislature gesetzgeber
legislature wahlperiode
tourism fremdenverkehr
tourism tourismus
tourism touristik
essay essay
essay abhandlung
essay aufsatz
blp blp
hosts gastgeber
hosts wirte
hosts hosts
hosts rechner
colombia kolumbien
rising steigende
rising steigenden
rising steigend
rising rising
guardian hüter
guardian guardian
guardian hüterin
guardian vormund
guardian wächter
imply bedeuten
imply impliziert
imply implizieren
partners partner
partners gesellschafter
partners partnern
partners kooperationspartner
feed feed
feed füttern
feed futter
feed futtermittel
childhood kindheit
photographs fotografien
photographs fotos
honour ehren
honour ehre
honour ehrung
ghost ghost
ghost geist
ghost geister
ghost gespenst
muhammad muhammad
muhammad mohammed
phoenix phönix
phoenix phoenix
carrier netzbetreiber
carrier träger
carrier carrier
carrier fluggesellschaft
alice alice
drugs medikamenten
drugs drogen
powered angetrieben
initiative eigeninitiative
initiative initiative
panel verkleidung
panel panel
são são
são sao
suggestions anregungen
suggestions empfehlungen
suggestions vorschläge
turner turner
basically grundsätzlich
basically prinzipiell
fail scheitern
fail durchgefallen
fail fehlschlagen
fail versagen
soft weicher
soft weiche
soft soft
soft weich
soft sanft
approval genehmigung
sculpture skulptur
sculpture skulpturen
sculpture bildhauerei
sculpture plastik
clinical klinischen
clinical klinische
clinical klinisch
clinical klinischer
lgbt lgbt
lgbt homosexualität
wickets wickets
coaching coaching
manhattan manhattan
keyboards tastatur
keyboards tastaturen
keyboards keyboard
#the #der
#the #die
#the #the
#the #das
sponsored gefördert
sponsored gesponsert
sponsored gesponserte
vessel gefäß
vessel schiffe
vessel schiff
sole einzige
sole sole
sole sohle
lloyd lloyd
harold harold
reporter reporterin
reporter journalist
reporter journalistin
reporter reporter
civilian zivil
civilian zivilen
civilian zivilisten
civilian ziviler
civilian zivile
petersburg petersburg
pen pen
pen kugelschreiber
pen stift
pen feder
procedure vorgehensweise
procedure verfahren
procedure prozedur
surrounded umzingelt
surrounded umgeben
libraries bibliotheken
libraries bibliothek
competing konkurrieren
competing konkurrierende
competing konkurrierenden
hudson hudson
citizen bürger
citizen bürgerrechte
perry pery
perry perry
nickname spitznamen
nickname spitzname
ballet ballet
ballet ballett
ralph ralph
mines minen
mines bergbau
mines bergwerk
mines gruben
mines bergwerke
preferred bevorzugter
preferred bevorzugte
preferred bevorzugten
preferred bevorzugt
preferred vorgezogen
robot roboter
robot robot
venezuela venezuela
aim aim
aim zielen
frequent häufig
frequent häufiger
frequent häufige
frequent oft
manufacturers hersteller
manufacturers produzenten
adds fügt
retrieved geholt
retrieved abgerufen
retrieved holte
retrieved abgeholt
grandfather großvaters
grandfather opa
grandfather großvater
chase jagd
chase chase
disaster katastrophen
disaster desaster
disaster katastrophenhilfe
disaster katastrophe
disaster unglück
yugoslavia jugoslawien
publicly öffentlich
telephone telefonnummern
telephone telefonnummer
telephone telefonieren
telephone telefon
bright strahlend
bright hell
bright bright
bright leuchtend
bright helle
improving verbessern
athlete athleten
athlete leichtathlet
athlete athlet
athlete sportler
aspect aspekt
ted ted
casualties verluste
casualties verletzte
casualties opfer
casualties unfallopfer
experiment experimentiert
experiment experiment
experiment experimente
experiment experimentieren
experiment versuch
utility nutzen
utility nützlichkeit
utility werkzeug
utility hilfsprogramm
holland niederlande
holland holland
loop schleife
loop loop
talks gespräche
talks vorträge
tanks behälter
tanks panzer
tanks tanks
destroy zerstöre
destroy vernichten
destroy vernichtet
destroy zerstören
fundamental grundlegenden
fundamental grundlegende
fundamental grundlegendes
fundamental grundlegend
fundamental grundrechte
mario mario
caption überschrift
caption bildunterschrift
caption beschriftung
genetic genetische
genetic genetisch
genetic genetischen
genetic gentechnik
locally lokal
locally örtlich
latino latinos
latino latino
default default
default vorgabe
default voreinstellung
default standardeinstellung
default standard
programmes programme
therapy therapien
therapy therapie
therapy behandlung
occasion anlass
occasion gelegenheit
exposed exponierten
exposed aufgedeckt
exposed exponiert
exposed ausgesetzt
playoffs playoffs
idaho idaho
cricketer cricketspieler
restricted eingeschränkt
restricted beschränken
restricted beschränkt
restricted begrenzt
situations situationen
leaf leaf
leaf blatt
leaf blätter
leaf blättern
tournaments turniere
tournaments turnier
tournaments wettkämpfe
tournaments turnieren
syndrome syndrom
upload hochladen
upload upload
towers towers
towers türme
towers türmen
autonomous autonomer
autonomous autonom
autonomous autonomen
autonomous autonome
succession abfolge
succession nachfolge
increases erhöht
theology theologische
theology theologie
searching suchen
searching suche
tube tube
tube schlauch
tube röhre
tier ebene
tier stufe
newton newton
conventional konventionellen
conventional herkömmliche
conventional konventioneller
conventional konventionelle
conventional konventionell
prague prag
warned warnte
warned gewarnt
gear fahrwerk
gear ausrüstung
gear getriebe
skating skating
skating eiskunstlauf
wikis wikis
respective jeweilige
respective jeweiligen
characterized charakterisiert
characterized gekennzeichnet
java java
drink getränk
drink trink
drink trinken
drink trinkt
miguel miguel
montgomery montgomery
crossed durchquert
crossed überschritten
crossed überquert
crossed gekreuzt
terrorism terrorismus
terrorism terrorismusbekämpfung
compositions komposition
compositions kompositionen
oval oval
oval ovale
southeastern südost
southeastern südöstlich
southeastern südosten
southeastern südöstlichen
isle insel
isle isle
homepage hauptseite
homepage startseite
homepage homepage
reaches erreicht
dress kleidung
dress kleid
dress kleider
lodge lodge
lodge loge
lodge hütte
disputed angefochten
disputed bestritten
disputed umstritten
disputed angezweifelt
disputed beanstandete
corruption korruptionsbekämpfung
corruption bestechung
corruption korruption
harm schaden
biographical biographische
kiss küssen
kiss kuss
kiss küss
kiss kiss
nationalist nationalistische
nationalist nationalisten
nationalist nationalismus
nationalist nationalistischen
mercury mercury
mercury quecksilber
mercury merkur
veterans veteranen
cult kult
cult sekte
challenges herausforderungen
challenges herausforderung
bearing tragen
tampa tampa
linux linux
monuments denkmäler
monuments sehenswürdigkeiten
veteran veteranen
veteran veteran
ruler herrscher
ruler machthaber
cuban kubanische
cuban kubanischen
cuban kubaner
cuban kuba
enzo enzo
waverley waverley
hasidic chassidischen
asians asiaten
gangsta gangster
gangsta gangsta
fray fray
sober trocken
sober nüchtern
sober nüchternen
appliance apparatur
appliance gerät
apical apikalen
gamecube gamecube
movable bewegliche
movable beweglich
movable beweglichen
movable bewegliches
stratton stratton
bela bela
cornwallis cornwallis
lucian lucian
harriers harriers
wick wick
darfur darfur
trøndelag trøndelag
sinaloa sinaloa
rubén rubén
lowercase kleines
lowercase kleinbuchstaben
lowercase kleinschreibung
gabriele gabriele
primal ursprüngliche
primal primal
primal ursprünglicher
litres litern
litres liter
forage futter
forage futterpflanzen
cheerful heiter
cheerful fröhlich
cheerful fröhliche
bhp bhp
tabriz täbris
piety gottesfurcht
piety frömmigkeit
monstrous monströse
scarcity knappheit
scarcity verknappung
scarcity seltenheit
ibis ibis
hegemony vorherrschaft
hegemony hegemonie
serotonin serotonin
hinckley hinckley
harrogate harrogate
ammonium ammonium
contour kontur
contour konturen
decisively entschieden
cale cale
xxxx xxxx
nadine nadine
leela leela
sakai sakai
tuttle tuttle
rumour gerücht
rumour gerüchte
tonkin tonkin
battered zugerichtet
battered geschlagene
kip kip
gunther günter
gunther gunther
gunther günther
paulus paulus
faraday faraday
grotesque grotesk
wallpaper tapeten
wallpaper hintergrund
wallpaper hintergrundbild
wallpaper tapete
niš niš
sucker trottel
obi obi
bolivar bolivar
serpentine serpentine
necropolis nekropole
firefighter feuerwehrmann
firefighter feuerwehr
niki niki
gpa gpa
multan multan
interpreters dolmetscher
rubinstein rubinstein
kiki kiki
selwyn selwyn
bint bint
samuels samuels
kaya kaya
carnage blutvergießen
carnage blutbad
carnage gemetzel
suwon suwon
headaches kopfschmerzen
suzy suzy
unison unison
zeno zeno
guessed vermutet
guessed vermutete
guessed geraten
guessed erraten
xyz xyz
maoist maoistischen
carbine karabiner
swe swe
sacraments sakramente
willi willi
herbaceous krautige
uncontrolled unkontrolliert
uncontrolled unkontrollierten
uncontrolled unkontrollierte
staring starren
staring starrt
lawmakers gesetzgeber
eradicate ausrottung
eradicate beseitigen
eradicate auslöschen
lonsdale lonsdale
mcdonough mcdonough
salas salas
doge doge
csu csu
dividends dividenden
dividends dividende
sanctuaries schutzgebiete
sanctuaries heiligtümer
esposito esposito
jeannie jeannie
charlestown charlestown
cauldron kessel
shostakovich schostakowitsch
eusebius eusebius
mchale mchale
mian mian
dodson dodson
janusz janusz
goodrich goodrich
dismissive abweisend
pastel pastell
deerfield deerfield
miao miao
diabetic diabetischen
diabetic diabetiker
diabetic diabetes
beowulf beowulf
heinlein heinlein
nez nez
rainwater regenwasser
seabirds seevögel
ahmadinejad ahmadinedschad
pinot pinot
grids raster
grids netze
grids gitter
shriver shriver
rua rua
schiff schiff
alleles allele
apoel apoel
krupp krupp
mots mots
cuomo cuomo
dredging baggerarbeiten
randi randi
baal baal
gurkha gurkha
strapped geschnallt
formalism formalismus
brow stirn
brow augenbrauen
cocoon kokon
nuncio nuntius
rik rik
setlist setlist
carrollton carrollton
angelic engel
passionately leidenschaftlich
asynchronous asynchrone
huerta huerta
bhattacharya bhattacharya
llywelyn llywelyn
entrant marktteilnehmer
entrant teilnehmers
peebles peebles
paloma paloma
moll moll
copious ausgiebigen
ahern ahern
nutcracker nussknacker
schulze schulze
berthold berthold
yakovlev jakowlew
kula kula
albatros albatros
afa afa
davos davos
evangelists evangelisten
reba reba
stetson stetson
excesses exzesse
adheres haftet
monogatari monogatari
lajos lajos
cmos cmos
kingman kingman
guarani guarani
disconnect trennen
disconnect abtrennen
disconnect abschalten
bischoff bischoff
fuzz fuzz
acr acr
shotguns gewehre
arduous anstrengend
arduous beschwerlich
arduous mühsam
lista lista
immaterial unerheblich
immaterial unwesentlich
thaksin thaksin
myotis myotis
boas boas
torrey torrey
acyl acyl
rtv rtv
griffins griffins
chrono chrono
beckman beckman
wbo wbo
extrasolar extrasolaren
lundy lundy
negligent fahrlässig
negligent nachlässig
stillman stillman
norrköping norrköping
presto presto
ecb ezb
benítez benítez
sarnia sarnia
stockwell stockwell
proletariat proletariats
swaps swaps
swaps swap
gaffney gaffney
coelho coelho
bronzes bronzen
reciprocating oszillierende
clemency gnade
inseparable unzertrennlich
inseparable untrennbar
fondly liebevoll
biel biel
tsarist zaristischen
mooring liegeplatz
farber farber
contemplative kontemplativen
luster glanz
luster luster
hantuchová hantuchová
nikolaos nikolaos
rfu rfu
peacemaker friedensstifter
alasdair alasdair
figurehead galionsfigur
vaslui vaslui
astragalus astragalus
aguascalientes aguascalientes
tripping stolpern
geforce geforce
humayun humayun
drenthe drenthe
aberdare aberdare
insurer versicherungsgesellschaft
insurer versicherer
raytheon raytheon
cauca cauca
montauk montauk
ribera ribera
vercelli vercelli
baudelaire baudelaire
balustrade balustrade
ctc ctc
unskilled ungelernte
gori gori
unprofessional unprofessionell
inflection flexion
xiong xiong
joyous freudig
joyous freudigen
glade glade
inventories bestände
inventories lagerbestände
inventories aufstellungen
inventories vorräte
eisenstein eisenstein
komi komi
hsien hsien
thad thad
counteroffensive gegenoffensive
adapters adapter
channeled kanalisiert
accretion akkretion
federación federación
yuko yuko
brevis brevis
nakayama nakayama
faris faris
unholy unheilige
skylark skylark
cutie süßer
rerun wiederholung
ichiro ichiro
malpractice mißbrauch
malpractice missbrauch
evasive ausweichen
evasive ausweichend
compulsion zwang
sophocles sophokles
leiria leiria
jagiellonian jagiellonen
cheong cheong
kakheti kachetien
megawatt megawatt
subprime subprime
whaler walfänger
snide abfälligen
effendi effendi
onsen onsen
islas islas
lazare lazare
hasta hasta
sma sma
frankford frankford
sano sano
zuid zuid
toshio toshio
manitou manitou
riau riau
seger seger
herzliya herzlia
infantile infantile
oars ruder
oars rudern
spandau spandau
isolde isolde
sadc sadc
virulent virulent
mexicali mexicali
lacan lacan
perrault perrault
candelaria candelaria
tid tid
malick malick
recherches recherches
fiqh fiqh
impassioned leidenschaftliche
impassioned leidenschaftlich
watertight wasserdicht
lipa lipa
pettigrew pettigrew
reachable erreichbar
prichard prichard
aldous aldous
lidia lidia
shijiazhuang shijiazhuang
seconda seconda
pth pth
murs murs
fifi fifi
tema tema
tseng tseng
cirencester cirencester
dasa dasa
scarring narben
chagall chagall
sulpice sulpice
brauer brauer
sanctus sanctus
axelrod axelrod
irtysh irtysch
politehnica politehnica
carcinogenic karzinogen
carcinogenic karzinogene
matsuyama matsuyama
fart furz
carswell carswell
narcissism narzissmus
kanto kanto
adored bewundert
adored liebte
adored verehrt
cañas cañas
tondo tondo
flammarion flammarion
wareham wareham
swarms schwärmen
swarms schwärme
rien rien
bissell bissell
meeks meeks
aggressiveness aggressivität
angevin angevinischen
spengler spengler
kamran kamran
anzio anzio
dictatorships diktaturen
hilversum hilversum
meads meads
shrinkage schrumpfung
shrinkage schrumpfen
macdonnell macdonnell
tuc tuc
maltin maltin
lucent lucent
gamla gamla
dede dede
ilia ilia
heligoland helgoland
insanely wahnsinnig
thermally thermisch
kurz kurz
ratner ratner
tauris tauris
silveira silveira
merckx merckx
joffre joffre
lombardia lombardei
authoritarianism autoritarismus
summerhill summerhill
rafaela rafaela
reay reay
dandridge dandridge
loka loka
romy romy
fragrances düfte
peppered gespickt
natur natur
palliser palliser
stoppard stoppard
metis metis
renan renan
mcginn mcginn
malaga malaga
malaga málaga
albanese albanese
communis communis
murmur murmeln
oswaldo oswaldo
storyboards storyboards
nesbit nesbit
rosser rosser
olympiastadion olympiastadion
printemps printemps
elster elster
seaports seehafen
seaports seehäfen
hasidim chassidim
fuqua fuqua
zfc zfc
wilbert wilbert
buckshot schrot
wallsend wallsend
kerch kertsch
bangui bangui
nakai nakai
sarma sarma
neoclassicism neoklassizismus
acrocephalus acrocephalus
bronfman bronfman
carolus carolus
mov mov
tomic tomic
electrocuted stromschlag
mhnt mhnt
eod eod
hanne hanne
suspends aussetzt
scriabin skrjabin
ludendorff ludendorff
chí chí
florist floristen
schaller schaller
ahram ahram
stn stn
dumpster mülltonne
haughty überheblich
amores amores
joinery schreinerei
varner varner
odawara odawara
fixated fixiert
motilal motilal
århus aarhus
århus århus
karimi karimi
jabez jabez
roadblocks straßensperren
companhia companhia
rages tobt
pique pique
basilisk basilisk
fetching holen
fetching abrufen
icarly icarly
brianza brianza
roches roches
clairvaux clairvaux
listy listy
nef nef
reinach reinach
vit vit
aub aub
eyal eyal
colliers colliers
kundalini kundalini
saku saku
shirai shirai
breathes atmet
kasem kasem
tavernier tavernier
guilin guilin
fada fada
celaya celaya
yokota yokota
uusimaa uusimaa
uca uca
grandnephew großneffe
hosseini hosseini
dendrites dendriten
unbeatable unschlagbar
spiritus spiritus
esparza esparza
kord kord
vtol vtol
yara yara
copyist kopist
neutralization neutralisierung
kad kad
lushan lushan
molnár molnár
breviary brevier
pozzi pozzi
amphora amphora
chewbacca chewbacca
fairlight fairlight
backwaters altwasser
wickedness schlechtigkeit
wickedness bosheit
scipione scipione
kerberos kerberos
rattlesnakes klapperschlangen
yugoslavs jugoslawen
kem kem
landed angelandet
landed gelandet
landed landeten
landed landete
accusations anschuldigungen
accusations vorwürfe
accusations anklagen
accusations beschuldigungen
approaches ansätze
approaches ansatz
approaches vorgehensweisen
slaves sklaven
banking banken
banking bankgeschäft
banking bankwesen
banking bankgeschäfte
unions gewerkschaft
unions gewerkschaften
demands forderungen
demands anforderungen
observation beobachtung
observation beobachtungen
observation bemerkung
davies davies
rookie anfänger
rookie neuling
rookie rookie
supplied versorgt
supplied geliefert
supplied lieferte
supplied gelieferte
supplied beliefert
hotels hotels
missionary missionare
missionary missionar
chronicle chronik
afternoon nachmittags
afternoon nachmittag
badly schlecht
collegiate kollegium
collegiate collegiate
scandal skandal
scandal skandalös
scandal affäre
scandal skandale
probability wahrscheinlichkeit
probability wahrscheinlichkeiten
kitchen küchen
kitchen küche
bow bogen
bow schleife
bow beugen
bow bug
bow bow
frontier grenze
frontier grenzgänger
frontier grenzgebiet
religions religionen
prototype prototypen
prototype prototyp
handled gehandhabt
administered verwaltete
administered verwaltet
administered verabreicht
telegraph telegraph
cannon kanone
cannon cannon
cannon kanonen
richardson richardson
forcing erzwingen
forcing zwingen
reactions reaktion
reactions reaktionen
plymouth plymouth
engagement interaktion
engagement engagement
engagement interaktionen
engagement verlobung
marco marco
enrolled eingeschrieben
skill fertigkeiten
skill geschick
skill geschicklichkeit
skill fähigkeiten
napoleon napoleons
napoleon napoleon
thunder donner
thunder gewitter
thunder donnerwetter
thunder thunder
loves lieben
loves liebt
resumed wiederaufgenommen
export ausfuhren
export exportieren
export export
export exportiert
export ausfuhr
arcade spielautomaten
arcade arcade
prussia preußen
salem salem
varies variiert
varies unterschiedlich
recruited angeheuert
recruited angeworben
recruited rekrutiert
knee knie
threw warf
threw geschmissen
threw warfen
threw geworfen
honest ehrlich
honest ehrliche
honest aufrichtig
honest ehrlichen
settings einstellungen
dozens dutzend
dozens dutzenden
dozens dutzende
measuring vermessung
measuring messen
measuring vermessen
measuring messgeräte
measuring messung
protecting schützen
protecting beschützen
thames themse
thames thames
remarkable bemerkenswerten
remarkable bemerkenswerte
remarkable bemerkenswert
remarkable bemerkenswertes
remarkable auffallend
portsmouth portsmouth
accordingly demzufolge
accordingly entsprechend
accordingly dementsprechend
watts watt
watts watts
lifestyle lebensart
lifestyle leben
lifestyle lebensweise
lifestyle lifestyle
lifestyle lebensstil
imo imo
enrollment einschreibung
cinematography kinematographie
avoided verhindert
avoided vermieden
avoided vermeiden
maple ahorn
maple maple
biographies biographien
troop truppe
aviv aviv
wei wei
cheshire cheshire
meyer meyer
allegiance loyalität
diagram diagramm
diagram abbildung
diagram skizze
theatres theatern
theatres theater
luxury luxuriöse
luxury luxus
luxury luxushotel
luxury luxuriös
luxury luxushotels
bundesliga bundesliga
neighbourhood nachbarschaft
neighbourhood viertel
promising hoffnungsvoll
promising vielversprechende
promising vielversprechend
fletcher fletcher
ore eisenerz
ore erze
ore erzen
ore erz
shed schuppen
shed vergießen
norwich norwich
italia italien
italia italia
dell dell
apostolic apostolische
apostolic apostolischen
gloria gloria
sharks sharks
sharks haien
sharks haie
imported eingeführt
imported importieren
imported importierte
imported importiert
imported import
heating zentralheizung
heating heizen
heating heizung
heating wärme
heating klimaanlage
radius umkreis
radius radius
derbyshire derbyshire
frozen eingefroren
frozen gefroren
frozen gefrorene
flowering blühen
flowering blühende
flowering blüte
flowering blütezeit
phillies phillies
cove bucht
cove cove
denomination stückelung
denomination bezeichnung
sovereignty souveränität
practitioners praktiker
practitioners therapeuten
andre andre
andre andré
electorate wählerschaft
electorate wähler
electorate wählern
titans titanen
fritz fritz
pronunciation aussprache
karachi karatschi
tobago tobago
clip clip
tai tai
carriage kutsche
carriage beförderung
carriage beförderungen
locate finden
locate lokalisieren
terrace terrasse
terrace terrassen
terrace balkon
terrace dachterrasse
cartoons cartoons
cartoons karikaturen
chartered chartered
letting lassen
menu menü
menu menu
menu menüs
menu speisekarte
apache apache
apache apachen
vera vera
verbal verbale
verbal mündliche
verbal mündlich
verbal verbal
appropriately angemessen
appropriately entsprechend
installations anlagen
installations installationen
rage wütend
rage zorn
rage wut
rage rage
counterpart gegenstück
counterpart gegenleistung
dove taube
aging altern
aging reifung
aging alternde
aging alterung
madame mme
madame madam
madame madame
molly molly
neighbors nachbarschaft
neighbors nachbarn
neighbors nachbar
breathing atem
breathing atmung
breathing atmen
breathing atemluft
breathing einatmen
niger niger
prop stützen
prop stütze
prop prop
pokémon pokémon
ipswich ipswich
spectators zuschauer
spectators zuschauern
weakened schwächung
weakened geschwächt
weakened schwächte
vanderbilt vanderbilt
johannesburg johannesburg
johannesburg kapstadt
receivers empfänger
receivers receiver
hercules hercules
hercules herkules
unfair ungerechte
unfair unfairen
unfair unfaire
unfair ungerecht
unfair unfair
cannes cannes
assignments zuweisungen
vhs vhs
statesman staatsmann
abs abs
emphasized betont
emphasized unterstrichen
emphasized unterstrich
emphasized hervorgehoben
emphasized betonte
rolled gerollt
rolled gewalzt
ein ein
mccartney mccartney
anarchist anarchisten
anarchist anarchist
proposition vorschlag
resurrection auferstehen
resurrection auferstehung
victorious siegreich
tap tap
tap tippen
tap tippe
alarm alarmanlage
alarm alarm
alarm erinnerung
alarm wecker
magnet magnet
magnet magneten
dolls puppen
blend mischung
blend mischen
blend gemisch
guerrilla guerilla
caucus caucus
paso paso
militant militanten
packages pakete
packages pauschalen
packages verpackungen
disclosure offenlegung
disclosure publizität
disclosure bekanntgabe
disclosure unterrichtung
ruin ruine
ruin ruin
ruin ruinieren
ruin verderben
payload nutzlast
nationalists nationalisten
patronage schirmherrschaft
intersections kreuzungen
laguna laguna
pedestrian fußgängerzone
pedestrian fußgänger
manned bemannte
manned besetzt
litigation rechtsstreitigkeiten
litigation rechtsstreit
litigation gerichtsverfahren
litigation streitigkeiten
litigation streitfälle
satirical satirische
somali somalias
somali somalia
somali somalischen
flores flores
sect sekte
polynomial polynom
schwartz schwartz
nate nate
hatred haß
hatred hass
flynn flynn
ideological ideologische
ideological ideologie
ideological ideologisch
ideological ideologischen
westward westen
collects erhebt
collects sammelt
collects kassiert
directive direktive
directive richtlinie
canonical kanonische
semitic semitische
heirs erben
halo halo
buccaneers buccaneers
invest investition
invest invest
invest investieren
imprint impressum
iphone iphone
angular eckig
peripheral randlage
peripheral periphere
peripheral peripherie
peripheral peripheren
peripheral randgebiete
voluntarily freiwillig
novi novi
travelers reisende
travelers reisenden
burkina burkina
ciudad ciudad
vilnius vilnius
sustain aufrechtzuerhalten
sustain aufrechterhalten
ratified ratifizieren
ratified ratifiziert
evergreen evergreen
forks gabeln
firearm waffe
firearm schusswaffen
firearm feuerwaffen
ants ameisen
doe doe
brasil brasilien
brasil brasil
shelby shelby
rewarded belohnt
rewarded belohnen
buckingham buckingham
exceptionally außergewöhnlich
exceptionally ausnahmsweise
exceptionally außerordentlich
ascent auffahrt
ascent aufstieg
derive ableiten
ulrich ulrich
socio sozio
socio sozial
socio sozioökonomische
subcommittee unterausschuss
burgundy burgund
bunny häschen
bunny hase
bunny bunny
knot knoten
protested protestiert
protested protestierten
alicia alicia
howell howell
liberties grundfreiheiten
liberties freiheiten
bliss glückseligkeit
bliss bliss
bliss wonne
guadalajara guadalajara
terminals terminals
terminals endgeräte
terminals anschlüsse
malmö malmö
nora nora
astros astros
houghton houghton
analysts analytiker
analysts analysten
fixes korrekturen
fixes behebt
analyze analyse
analyze auswerten
analyze analysieren
offences verstöße
offences straftaten
offences vergehen
offences verbrechen
offences straftat
trader unternehmer
saxe sachsen
descending absteigend
descending absteigender
sack sack
sack plünderung
applicants kläger
applicants bewerber
applicants antragsteller
malaya malaya
nokia nokia
ascension himmelfahrt
ascension auffahrt
ascension auferstehung
ascension aufstieg
wasted vertan
wasted vergeudet
wasted verschwendet
astronomers astronom
astronomers astronomen
clues hinweise
clues hinweisen
turkic türkischen
turkic türkische
turkic türkisches
brigham brigham
kahn kahn
nairobi kenia
nairobi nairobi
optics optisch
optics optischen
optics optik
optics optische
yves yves
tha tha
lobbying lobbyarbeit
lobbying lobbyisten
chesapeake chesapeake
threaten drohen
threaten bedrohen
threaten drohung
treats behandelt
treats leckerbissen
ángel ángel
lucius lucius
oxidation oxidation
ghanaian ghanaischer
satisfying zufriedenstellend
satisfying befriedigend
axel axel
rowland rowland
enclosure gehäuse
miriam miriam
arbitrator schiedsrichter
atkins atkins
sanford sanford
derrick derrick
seneca seneca
gardiner gardiner
hats hut
hats hüte
hats hüten
hats mützen
timely pünktlich
timely zeitgemäß
timely rechtzeitige
timely rechtzeitig
wilder wilder
ita ita
towed gezogen
towed abgeschleppt
towed geschleppt
towed gezogene
towed gezogenen
continuum kontinuum
schumacher schumacher
yerevan jerewan
ari ari
bahia bahia
pieter pieter
corona corona
slowed verlangsamte
slowed verlangsamt
beyoncé beyoncé
beyoncé knowles
improvised improvisiert
jewels juwelen
jewels schmuck
jewels edelsteine
doherty doherty
breakup trennung
certainty bestimmtheit
certainty sicherheit
certainty gewissheit
vascular vaskuläre
longitudinal längs
longitudinal längsrichtung
penetration vordringen
penetration eindringen
penetration penetration
penetration durchdringen
penetration durchdringung
consultants beratungsunternehmen
consultants beratern
consultants berater
linguists linguisten
bharatiya bharatiya
martina martina
feminists feministinnen
polished geschliffen
polished poliert
polished geputzt
polished polieren
anglia anglia
projecting projektion
alf alf
usher usher
lambda lambda
dependency abhängigkeiten
dependency abhängigkeit
manuals handbücher
manuals handbuch
manuals anleitungen
manly männlich
macon macon
paraná paraná
fueled angeheizt
covert verdeckte
covert verdeckt
glove handschuh
glove handschuhe
kinase kinase
photon photon
basins becken
wharton wharton
peoria peoria
bloomfield bloomfield
cantata kantate
policemen polizisten
animator animator
agrarian landwirtschaftliche
agrarian landwirtschaftlich
egyptians ägypter
monograph monographie
daring gewagt
daring kühnen
fugitive flüchtigen
fugitive flüchtige
fugitive flüchtig
fugitive flüchtiger
fugitive flüchtling
raceway raceway
intrinsic intrinsische
renal niere
renal renale
renal nieren
renal niereninsuffizienz
cruelty grausam
cruelty grausamkeiten
cruelty grausamkeit
stunning überwältigend
stunning atemberaubende
stunning umwerfend
stunning atemberaubend
stunning betäubung
garth garth
clippers clippers
faulkner faulkner
packaged abgefüllt
packaged verpackt
mute stumm
mute ausschalten
gin gin
tilt neigen
tilt tilt
tilt kippen
hillside hügel
hillside hillside
misses verfehlt
misses vermisst
preached gepredigt
preached predigten
unseen unbemerkt
unseen verborgenen
broughton broughton
gotham gotham
brabant brabant
mcdowell mcdowell
maha maha
hangar hangar
taller größer
taller grösser
mist nebel
mist mist
offenses vergehen
roundabout kreisverkehr
goldstein goldstein
grams gramm
carole kerstin
carole carole
brightness helligkeit
emery emery
waterway wasserstraßen
waterway wasserstraße
phylogenetic phylogenetische
gujarati gujarati
strained angespannt
koreans koreaner
floral floral
appliances elektrogeräte
appliances geräte
appliances haushaltsgeräte
enfield enfield
mallorca mallorca
mallorca mallorcas
kisses küssen
kisses kuss
kisses bussi
kisses küsse
cactus kaktus
administratively administrativ
fran fran
colloquially umgangssprachlich
believer gläubiger
believer gläubige
believer gläubig
believer gläubigen
fabricated hergestellt
fabricated gefertigt
yarmouth yarmouth
conservatism konservatismus
revelations offenbarung
revelations enthüllungen
revelations verse
elastic elastisch
elastic elastischen
elastic elastische
larkin larkin
weaknesses schwachpunkte
weaknesses schwächen
weaknesses mängel
weaknesses schwachstellen
weaknesses schwäche
cisco cisco
mesopotamia mesopotamien
ipad ipad
snowy snowy
locale locale
locale lokalisierung
abigail abigail
harassed schikaniert
harassed bedrängt
harassed belästigt
arrogant arroganz
arrogant überheblich
arrogant hochmütig
arrogant arrogant
brescia brescia
maitland maitland
lucha lucha
modernism modernität
modernism moderne
sykes sykes
annette annette
havoc verwüstung
dissolve auflösen
apes affen
respondents befragten
respondents befragte
discretionary ermessen
discretionary ermessensspielraum
crowns kronen
subgenus untergattung
maori māori
maori maori
nur nur
inhibition hemmung
eviction vertreibung
eviction räumung
godzilla godzilla
manifestation kundgebung
manifestation manifestation
sonoma sonoma
carbonate carbonat
cores kerne
slug schnecke
slug geschoss
andrzej andrzej
explode explodieren
explode explodiert
breakaway abtrünnigen
osborn osborn
tomás tomás
relational relationale
asahi asahi
horst horst
joseon joseon
chongqing chongqing
fulbright fulbright
sleepers schwellen
indira indira
blindness blindheit
pakhtunkhwa pakhtunkhwa
nowy nowy
aek aek
sine sinus
sine sine
immersion eintauchen
cfa cfa
adherence befolgung
adherence einhaltung
scarecrow vogelscheuche
heroism heldentum
muster aufbringen
muster versammeln
dempsey dempsey
regulators regler
regulators aufsichtsbehörden
regulators aufsichtsbehörde
smoothly reibungslos
hooked süchtig
flyweight fliegengewicht
lehman lehman
combatants kämpfer
combatants kombattanten
sealing versiegeln
sealing abdichtung
sealing dichtung
sealing dichtungen
hogg hogg
chalmers chalmers
boulogne boulogne
bipolar bipolare
escalated eskalierte
escalated eskaliert
gliding gleiten
zebra zebra
interstellar interstellaren
abolitionist abolitionist
embryo embryo
embryo embryonalen
embryo embryonen
embryo embryos
biking radsport
biking radtouren
biking radfahren
biking fahrrad
biking radtour
pullman pullman
checker checker
ousted verdrängt
clarifying klarstellung
clarifying klärung
figurative figurative
unpredictable unvorhersehbaren
unpredictable unvorhersehbare
unpredictable unberechenbar
rad rad
rad krass
königsberg königsberg
mallory mallory
geek geek
geek streber
aberdeenshire aberdeenshire
thyroid schilddrüse
mysticism mystik
modem modem
yosemite yosemite
mississauga mississauga
italiano italiano
symptom symptome
symptom symptom
potts potts
pelican pelican
shutdown abschaltung
shutdown herunterfahren
shutdown abschalten
shutdown stilllegung
tern tern
hike wanderung
hike wandern
ine ine
greyish gräulich
buckeyes buckeyes
shui shui
lakeside lakeside
geothermal geothermische
fragmented zersplittert
therapies therapien
therapies therapie
restrained zurückhaltend
restrained zurückgehalten
ashanti ashanti
coleridge coleridge
counterattack gegenangriff
importing import
importing importiert
importing importieren
nikon nikon
orb kugel
lancers lancers
juliette juliette
