erwartungen expectations
erwartungen expectation
werkzeug tool
werkzeug tools
werkzeug utility
tauchen diving
tauchen dive
tauchen dives
tauchen scuba
ibm ibm
sophia sophia
bahnlinie railroad
umstellung conversion
umstellung changeover
georgien georgian
georgien georgia
professorin professor
ausgenommen excludes
ausgenommen excluding
ausgenommen gutted
ausgenommen excluded
ausgenommen except
spitznamen nickname
spitznamen nicknames
illustrator illustrator
anschlag attack
anschlag assassination
anschlag assault
anschlag bombing
heimlich secretly
heimlich secret
heimlich stealth
heimlich clandestine
saar saar
verletzte injured
verletzte wounded
verletzte injury
verletzte casualties
verletzte injuries
wertvolle invaluable
wertvolle precious
wertvolle valuable
droht threatens
tus tus
tempo pace
tempo tempo
statistisch statistically
verbracht spent
reinhardt reinhardt
professionellen professional
verkehrs traffic
parallelen parallel
parallelen parallels
verheiratete married
klubs clubs
square square
getestet tested
mist mist
mist crap
mist bummer
cousin cousin
cousin cousins
ruhrgebiet ruhr
eingebracht tabled
getriebe gear
getriebe transmission
getriebe gearboxes
getriebe transmissions
getriebe gears
getriebe gearbox
geistes humanities
geistes spirit
unmittelbaren immediate
queensland queensland
emeritierung emeritus
emeritierung retirement
aufgebot posse
moser moser
dietz dietz
optisch optically
optisch visually
optisch visual
optisch optical
optisch optics
jeanne jeanne
herzegowina hercegovina
herzegowina herzegovina
secret secret
statuen statues
experimente experimenting
experimente experiments
experimente experiment
experimente experimentation
verehrt adored
verehrt revered
verehrt worshipped
verehrt worships
armut poverty
libanon lebanon
flog flew
fine fine
lieutenant lieutenant
unbrauchbar unusable
unbrauchbar useless
protein protein
organe organs
organe institutions
ensembles ensembles
ensembles ensemble
organisieren organise
organisieren organize
organisieren organizing
organisieren organising
ausgetauscht exchanged
betrag amount
betrag sum
mathilde mathilde
mathilde matilda
jugendlicher juvenile
jugendlicher adolescent
jugendlicher teenager
jugendlicher youthful
gran gran
freiberg freiberg
blind blind
blind blindly
apostolische apostolic
verfehlt misses
verfehlt missed
mohr moor
mohr mohr
geltenden applicable
beamte officials
beamte officers
israelische israeli
leidenschaft passions
leidenschaft passionate
leidenschaft passion
glockenturm belfry
vereinbarung memorandum
vereinbarung agreement
vereinbarung mou
vereinbarung arrangement
thriller thriller
regierte governed
regierte ruled
gitarristen guitarist
gitarristen guitarists
sachverhalt facts
sachverhalt factual
binnen within
dokumenten docs
dokumenten documents
amerikanisches american
leiten guiding
nirgends anywhere
nirgends nowhere
zusammenstellung compilation
neutralen neutral
eifel eifel
amadeus amadeus
con con
marien marien
geologischen geologic
geologischen geological
tell tell
opel opel
linda linda
rita rita
angelo angelo
lebewesen organisms
lebewesen creatures
martina martina
aue aue
brechen break
brechen breaking
isabella isabella
ville ville
arnsberg arnsberg
motorsport motorsport
motorsport motorsports
treiben floating
treiben drift
treiben drifting
flache shallow
gesetzlich legally
gesetzlich statutory
trust trust
pays pays
honda honda
palermo palermo
handwerker craftsmen
handwerker handyman
handwerker artisan
handwerker craftsman
handwerker artisans
verwandtschaft relatives
verwandtschaft kin
verwandtschaft kinship
beute spoils
beute prey
beute loot
beute booty
beute plunder
kompromiss compromises
kompromiss compromise
elektrisch electrical
elektrisch electric
elektrisch electrically
kunstwerke artworks
kunstwerke art
kunstwerke artwork
arbeitsgruppe workgroup
veranstalter organizers
veranstalter organizer
veranstalter organisers
veranstalter promoter
veranstalter organiser
rechtschreibung orthography
rechtschreibung spelling
rechtschreibung spell
panorama panorama
panorama panoramic
professionelle professional
rechtzeitig timely
moral morale
moral moral
moral morals
moral morality
gestattet permitted
tallinn tallinn
never never
judentum judaism
romeo romeo
kasachstan kazakh
kasachstan kazakhstan
nils nils
scottish scottish
kroatischen croatian
explosion blast
explosion explosion
typischerweise typically
beinhalten include
theoretischen theoretical
larven larvae
larven larva
rangers rangers
halbwegs reasonably
halbwegs halfway
niemanden noone
niemanden nobody
sozialwissenschaften sociology
drogen drugs
drogen narcotic
drogen drug
drogen narcotics
arabisch arab
arabisch arabic
arabisch arabian
kurse courses
argentinischen argentinean
argentinischen argentinian
argentinischen argentine
osteuropa eastern
bautzen bautzen
terror terror
nachweise proofs
nachweise proof
nachweise evidence
bewahren preserve
bewahren preserving
bewahren keep
bewahren conserve
niederrhein niederrhein
novelle novel
novelle novella
soziologe sociologist
tibet tibet
bundesamt bundesamt
sparen savings
sparen save
sparen saving
homo homo
territorien territories
nacheinander successively
nacheinander successive
booten boot
booten booting
ewald ewald
untersuchen investigating
untersuchen investigate
untersuchen examine
jefferson jefferson
algebra algebra
pascal pascal
formale formal
zeuge witnesses
zeuge witnessing
zeuge witness
hope hope
billboard billboard
bowl bowl
edwards edwards
oberseite top
oberseite topside
opfern sacrifice
opfern victims
jenny jenny
sevilla sevilla
sevilla seville
inszenierte staged
birgit birgit
birgit theresa
birgit peter
verwickelt implicated
verwickelt entangled
korrektur corrections
korrektur correction
korrektur rectification
korrektur proofreading
entdecker explorers
entdecker discoverer
entdecker explorer
holt holt
countys counties
telekom telekom
telekom telecom
ideal ideal
ideal ideally
communes communes
erzeugung generation
erzeugung production
tff tff
spencer spencer
hardy hardy
unsicher unsafe
unsicher insecure
unsicher uncertain
unsicher unsure
angestellte clerks
angestellte salaried
angestellte employees
ram ram
pater padre
staatstheater staatstheater
brauch need
brauch custom
kleve kleve
kleve cleves
olivier olivier
schmuck jewels
schmuck jewelry
schmuck jewellery
innovation innovating
innovation innovate
innovation innovation
aufruf invocation
aufruf call
aufruf calling
werder werder
craig craig
zivilen civil
zivilen civilian
sammelt collects
sammelt gathers
einheitlichen unified
einheitlichen unitary
musikalisch musical
musikalisch musically
dumont dumont
boten envoys
boten messenger
boten messengers
boten couriers
boten porters
persischen persian
altona altona
bausteine blocks
bausteine modules
steinbruch quarrying
steinbruch quarries
steinbruch quarry
privater private
museo museo
entschuldigung apologies
entschuldigung excuse
entschuldigung sorry
entschuldigung apology
entschuldigung apologize
editor editor
ordentlich tidy
ordentlich orderly
ordentlich properly
ordentlich neat
alessandro alessandro
mix mix
aka aka
umfrage polls
umfrage poll
umfrage survey
else else
werkzeuge tools
werkzeuge utilities
werkzeuge tooling
jennifer jennifer
schilling schilling
schilling shilling
bemerkung comment
bemerkung note
bemerkung remark
bemerkung remarks
bemerkung observation
aufgewachsen raised
aufgewachsen bred
harte tough
harte harsh
fester fester
fester tighter
fester firmer
sandra sandra
rezensionen reviews
cannes cannes
großmeister grandmaster
anklage charges
anklage accusation
anklage indictment
anklage prosecution
anklage indictments
betroffene affected
weiden willow
weiden pastures
weiden pasture
lettland latvia
sammler collector
sammler gatherers
sammler collectors
aktualisiert upgraded
aktualisiert updated
etappen phases
etappen stages
etappen milestones
regisseurin director
apollo apollo
sudan sudan
stimmte agreed
stimmte voted
bewerten assess
bewerten rating
bewerten evaluate
mut guts
mut courage
mut bravery
geringere lesser
arms arms
achsen axles
achsen axes
achsen axis
crew crew
enterprise enterprise
prominente celebrity
prominente celebrities
prominente prominent
algorithmus algorithm
casa casa
einhaltung adherence
einhaltung observance
einhaltung compliance
uno un
uno uno
watt watt
watt watts
balthasar balthasar
fern fern
reis rice
reis reis
slam slam
gert gert
zielen aim
ecuador ecuadorian
ecuador ecuador
potential potential
ilse ilse
come come
haar hair
stadttheater stadttheater
rosenheim rosenheim
trinken drinking
trinken drink
nachhaltig sustainable
nachhaltig sustainably
nachhaltig sustained
potter potter
kategorisiert categorized
pazifik pacific
duell duel
duell duels
elektrotechnik electronics
elektrotechnik electro
elektrotechnik electrical
elektrotechnik electrics
limes limes
verschwindet vanishing
verschwindet disappears
verschwindet disappearing
verschwindet disappear
verringert decreased
verringert reduces
verringert reduced
verringert decreases
zahlung payment
bergmann bergmann
bergmann miner
nathan nathan
spitz spitz
guatemala guatemala
guatemala guatemalan
portland portland
spam spam
quartier quartier
quartier quarters
annette annette
stellvertretende alternates
stellvertretende deputy
anschließen plug
geliebte mistress
geliebte beloved
geliebte lover
theresia theresa
theresia theresia
aufkommen emergence
optische optical
optische optics
optische optic
rico rico
willem willem
leonardo leonardo
flash flash
fonds funds
fonds fonds
fonds fund
havel havel
civil civil
inhalten content
verbringen spend
etablierten incumbents
verdienen deserve
verdienen earn
verdienen earning
verdienen merit
ausser except
intensive intensive
intensive intense
locker loose
messungen measurements
vergabe awarding
seven seven
komm come
helle bright
risiken hazards
risiken risks
risiken risk
wettkampf competitions
wettkampf tournament
wettkampf compete
wettkampf competition
wettkampf contest
stellvertretenden alternates
markgrafen margrave
konzeption conceptual
konzeption concept
konzeption conception
enthaltenen contained
beleidigung offense
beleidigung insults
beleidigung insulting
beleidigung insult
ausmaß magnitude
ausmaß extent
differenzen differences
differenzen disagreements
simone simone
besuchten visited
verschwand vanished
verschwand disappeared
inter inter
bratislava bratislava
potok potok
ming ming
grace grace
elektronen electron
elektronen electrons
klassisch vintage
klassisch classical
klassisch classic
preisen prices
preisen prizes
mosel mosel
mosel moselle
vereinbart agreed
stuhl chair
stuhl stool
stuhl stools
neffen nephew
neffen nephews
beweise prove
beweise proof
beweise proofs
beweise evidence
neuhaus neuhaus
magister magister
republikaner republicans
republikaner republican
doctor doctor
grabmal tomb
nachwuchs offspring
laufzeit duration
laufzeit lifetime
laufzeit runtime
laufzeit maturity
mar mar
glaub believe
herrschte reigned
herrschte prevailed
minderheiten minority
minderheiten minorities
biologische biological
biologische biosafety
druckerei printing
druckerei printer
druckerei printers
lambert lambert
lima lima
geschossen shot
buchhandlung bookseller
buchhandlung bookshops
buchhandlung bookstore
buchhandlung bookshop
buchhandlung bookstores
motiven motifs
motiven motives
modernisierung modernization
modernisierung upgrading
modernisierung modernisation
angeklagt indicted
angeklagt accused
angeklagt charged
stilistisch stylistically
vermont vermont
toyota toyota
stiftungen foundations
stiftungen charities
stiftungen endowments
schuster shoemaker
schuster cobbler
schuster schuster
make make
make makeup
nepomuk nepomuk
dec dec
formulieren formulating
formulieren formulate
beschreibungen descriptions
mbh mbh
beliebige arbitrary
thesen theses
thesen propositions
str str
kate kate
hanna hanna
hervorgehoben highlighted
hervorgehoben underlined
hervorgehoben emphasized
gregory gregory
return return
balken beams
balken bars
balken bar
balken beam
schlesischen silesian
cia cia
cia cla
taufe baptism
taufe christening
kompetenz competency
kompetenz competencies
kompetenz expertise
kompetenz competence
kompetenz competences
fordern demanding
eingliederung incorporation
eingliederung integration
eingliederung inclusion
race race
kay kay
hinrichtung execution
hinrichtung executions
chur chur
schmitz schmitz
socke sock
socke socks
pittsburgh pittsburgh
prosa prose
bosch bosch
romantik romance
romantik romantic
romantik romanticism
fiktiven fictitious
fiktiven notional
fiktiven fictional
signale signals
mechanik mechanics
schenk schenk
karosserie body
karosserie bodywork
karosserie chassis
sigmaringen sigmaringen
unterbrechung interruptions
unterbrechung interruption
unterbrechung adjournment
unterbrechung disruption
nachname surnames
nachname surname
spezifischen specific
ewig eternally
ewig forever
ewig eternal
geladen loaded
manuskript manuscript
fasst summarizes
fasst summarises
heftigen fierce
plastik plastics
plastik sculpture
plastik plastic
lehnt rejects
erforderlichen requisite
ausbreitung propagation
ausbreitung spreading
ausbreitung spread
ausbreitung dispersal
montevideo montevideo
neuss neuss
beta beta
tunesien tunisia
tunesien tunis
diagnose diagnose
diagnose diagnoses
diagnose diagnostic
diagnose diagnosis
diagnose diagnostics
justin justin
transformation transformation
transformation transform
ingo ingo
rebellen insurgents
rebellen rebels
rebellen rebel
event event
saur saur
konzil synod
tochtergesellschaft subsidiary
vorbehalten reserved
großmutter grandmother
großmutter granny
großmutter grandma
wahlbeteiligung turnout
maurer masons
maurer maurer
maurer mason
extreme extremes
extreme extreme
ostern easter
saga saga
ravensburg ravensburg
frist deadline
schienen rails
schienen tracks
schienen seemed
terminal terminal
spring jump
spring spring
trend trend
trend tendency
umgestaltung redesign
umgestaltung redevelopment
umgestaltung reorganization
umgestaltung transformation
umgestaltung remodelling
inbetriebnahme commissioning
inbetriebnahme inauguration
inbetriebnahme startup
telefon phone
telefon telephone
telefon telephones
ligen leagues
kommunale communal
colonel colonel
mittig centered
feinde enemy
feinde foes
feinde enemies
fiat fiat
fragmente fragments
klassik classics
klassik classical
klassik classic
zustimmen consent
zustimmen agree
opus opus
schlimm bad
viktoria viktoria
viktoria victoria
nordwest northwestern
nordwest northwest
nordwest nw
wechselten alternated
klinische clinical
hong hong
adressen addresses
adressen address
nevada nevada
niedrig low
rogers roger
rogers rogers
kapellen chapels
konstant constant
tee tea
tee tee
tee teas
probe sample
probe rehearsal
probe specimen
probe probe
schatz honey
schatz baby
schatz sweetheart
schatz treasure
schatz darling
merkel merkel
focus focus
kontroverse controversies
kontroverse controversial
kontroverse controversy
irische irish
aufforderung solicitation
aufforderung invitation
palazzo palazzo
storm storm
gymnasien gymnasia
landsberg landsberg
kirchenschiff nave
heftig fierce
heftig violent
heftig intense
npd npd
lac lac
klarinette clarinet
industrieller industrialist
stolberg stolberg
kapitulation surrender
kapitulation capitulation
insolvenz insolvency
insolvenz bankruptcy
falter moth
falter falter
rhythmus tempo
rhythmus rhythms
rhythmus rhythm
wilhelmshaven wilhelmshaven
nordost northeastern
nordost northeast
monatlich monthly
emigrierte emigrated
emigrierte immigrated
johns johns
liu liu
lauter louder
lauter loud
lauter lauter
spezialisierte specialized
spezialisierte specialised
haushalts household
bewiesen proved
bewiesen demonstrated
bewiesen proven
ausgehenden outgoing
madame mme
madame madam
madame madame
giorgio giorgio
niedrige low
buchholz buchholz
clarke clarke
ukrainische ukrainian
doc doc
erzherzog archduke
angeregt stimulated
interessierten interested
beherrscht dominated
beherrscht mastered
beherrscht ruled
lizenzen licenses
lizenzen licences
lizenzen licensing
lizenzen license
lizenzen licence
peace peace
organischen organic
kult cult
synonyme synonyms
synonyme synonym
cat cat
nsg npl
stevens stevens
aaron aaron
survey survey
staatsanwalt attorney
staatsanwalt prosecutor
bangkok bangkok
kempten kempten
passenden matching
leibniz leibniz
variablen variable
variablen variables
sub sub
iata iata
resonanz resonance
swiss swiss
angestellter employee
angestellter clerk
bundesrat bundesrat
aux aux
japaner japanese
armenien armenia
angrenzende adjoining
angrenzende adjacent
murphy murphy
rick rick
petit petit
elo elo
zhang cheung
zhang zhang
braune brown
vers verse
rob rob
stalin stalin
habsburg habsburg
selbstmord suicide
meldungen stories
meldungen messages
meldungen reports
meldungen notifications
regimes regimes
flur corridors
flur hallway
flur hall
flur corridor
pensionierung retirement
absoluten absolute
bearbeitete machined
bearbeitete edited
proteste protest
proteste protests
thematisch thematic
thematisch themed
thematisch thematically
braut bride
braut bridal
braut chick
buffalo buffalo
verhaftung arrest
verhaftung arrests
scheibe disc
scheibe disk
scheibe slice
poesie poetry
pilz fungus
pilz fungal
pilz mushroom
gottlob gottlob
jesuiten jesuits
jesuiten jesuit
geradezu downright
geordnet arranged
geordnet ranked
geordnet sorted
abgetrennt separated
abgetrennt severed
linde linden
linde linde
vorort suburb
vorort suburban
vorort suburbs
ankara ankara
letzteren latter
discovery discovery
sektor sector
ted ted
weiblich feminine
weiblich females
weiblich female
quelltext code
isoliert isolation
isoliert insulated
isoliert isolated
erfassen capture
erfassen capturing
wilhelmine wilhelmine
einbindung incorporation
einbindung involvement
einbindung integration
einbindung inclusion
chan chan
gestein stone
gestein rocks
gestein rock
ignorieren ignore
ignorieren disregard
ignorieren ignoring
stoßen bumping
weltrangliste rankings
anno anno
ausgespielt pitted
lane lane
raupen caterpillars
raupen larvae
delhi delhi
zusammengestellt compiled
zusammengestellt collated
zusammengestellt assembled
muttersprache native
eisenbahnen railroads
eisenbahnen railway
eisenbahnen railways
eisenbahnen trains
beleuchtung illumination
beleuchtung lighting
beleuchtung lights
umfangreich voluminous
klassifiziert classified
klassifiziert classifies
wenns ifs
zivilisten civilian
zivilisten civilians
getauft baptised
getauft baptized
getauft christened
delle delle
delle dent
solothurn solothurn
garantiert guaranteed
getrieben driven
getrieben gearboxes
gelsenkirchen gelsenkirchen
germain germain
henrik henrik
zeitliche temporal
aktiviert activated
aktiviert activates
aktiviert enabled
spontan spontaneous
spontan spontaneously
spezial specials
spezial special
agenten operatives
agenten agents
agenten agent
heavy heavy
filialen branches
filialen subsidiaries
filialen stores
wirksam effective
key key
scheidung divorce
scheidung divorced
psychotherapie psychotherapy
afrikanische african
rauch rauch
rauch smoke
rauch fume
zivile civilian
taxon taxon
portale portals
gemischten mixed
bergland uplands
bergland upland
bergland highlands
treue loyal
treue fidelity
treue faithfulness
treue loyalty
treue faithful
bird bird
einigermaßen reasonably
einigermaßen somewhat
betraut entrusted
programmen programs
angegliedert affiliated
boxen boxes
boxen boxing
playstation playstation
asiatischen asiatic
asiatischen asian
wachsende growing
wachsende increasing
trocken dry
trocken sober
trocken dried
lena lena
dunkler dark
dunkler darker
erinnere remind
rex rex
sexuellen sexual
schloß castle
schloß chateau
schachspieler chess
springs springs
reporter reporter
reporter reporters
woanders elsewhere
alma alma
identifizieren identify
identifizieren identifying
gleichwohl nevertheless
wahlgang ballot
nagel nail
nagel nagel
wirksamkeit effectiveness
wirksamkeit efficacy
wirksamkeit potency
mandate mandates
semester semester
semester semesters
hauptseite homepage
bundeskanzler chancellor
stollen cleats
grauen horrors
grauen gray
grauen horror
grauen grey
eingreifen intervening
eingreifen intervene
erforscht explored
erforscht explores
erforscht researched
move move
xxx xxx
beschließt decides
beschließt resolves
marne marne
fliegt flies
ausgeliehen borrowed
ausgeliehen rented
ausgeliehen lent
ausgeliehen loaned
pfeiler pillars
pfeiler pillar
pfeiler piers
teuer pricey
teuer costly
teuer expensive
teuer dearly
schah shah
langes lange
constantin constantin
constantin constantine
niederlassung subsidiary
niederlassung establishment
niederlassung office
niederlassung branch
ballett ballet
gleichermaßen equally
vorfall incident
verlangte demanded
triumph triumph
mongolei mongolia
fließen flow
fließen flowing
vilnius vilnius
turn turn
beitritt joining
beitritt membership
beitritt accession
chirurgie surgery
chirurgie surgical
weißrussland belarus
weißrussland yemen
weißrussland minsk
challenger challenger
generals generals
worin wherein
wahrzeichen landmark
wahrzeichen landmarks
fiktive fictitious
fiktive notional
fiktive fictional
solingen solingen
paradies paradise
nest nest
kaplan chaplain
kaplan kaplan
verlage publishers
verlage publishing
verlage publisher
grundlegenden fundamental
grundlegenden basic
streiten arguing
streiten quarrel
streiten argue
frucht fruit
frucht fruits
baseball baseball
petersen petersen
kreisstraße kreisstraße
gunther gunther
luftfahrt aeronautical
luftfahrt aviation
luftfahrt aircraft
luftfahrt aerospace
luftfahrt aeronautics
ricardo ricardo
steigern boost
schnittstelle interface
schnittstelle interfaces
feststellung detection
feststellung determination
wismar wismar
christa christa
abwechselnd alternating
abwechselnd turns
abwechselnd alternate
abwechselnd alternately
gelblich yellowish
fahrten cruises
fahrten rides
fahrten journeys
vetter cousin
vetter vetter
isle isle
wissenschaftlern scientists
offizielles official
nachmittag afternoon
millimetern millimetres
millimetern millimeters
konsequenz consequence
konsequenz consistency
archiviert archived
hubschrauber choppers
hubschrauber helicopter
hubschrauber chopper
hubschrauber helicopters
globalen global
verzicht waiving
verzicht renunciation
verzicht surrender
verzicht abandonment
verzicht waiver
laz laz
kopien copies
schrittweise gradual
schrittweise gradually
schrittweise stepwise
schrittweise progressive
schrittweise phased
steinbach steinbach
friedens peace
scorecard scorecard
adligen nobles
adligen noblemen
integrieren integrate
integrieren integrates
integrieren integrating
garnison garrison
fortuna fortuna
reale real
wandern hike
wandern walking
wandern hiking
wandern trekking
vorgelegt tabled
vorgelegt submitted
vorgelegt presented
anmelden subscribe
anmelden login
anmelden register
anmelden log
investitionen investing
investitionen investments
investitionen investment
steil soaring
steil steeply
steil steep
meyers meyers
baumann baumann
panama panamanian
panama panama
normaler normal
sichtbaren visible
bureau bureau
bestrebungen aspirations
hypothese hypothesis
fink fink
killer killers
killer killer
killer assassin
margarethe margaret
margarethe margarethe
arndt arndt
bibliothekar librarian
spirit spirit
keines none
kleinsten smallest
symphony symphony
schottische scottish
bein leg
carsten carsten
usb usb
oberbayern oberbayern
raimund raymond
verbreiten spreading
verbreiten disseminate
wirtschaftswissenschaften economics
aufgefordert prompted
aufgefordert urged
hieronymus girolamo
hieronymus jerome
hieronymus hieronymus
frey frey
que que
pyramide pyramid
seitlichen lateral
argumentiert argued
argumentiert argue
argumentiert argues
detmold detmold
noten grades
nebraska nebraska
brasilianische brazilian
anpassen customize
anpassen customise
anpassen adjust
anpassen adapt
anpassen customizing
existierten existed
steuermann helm
steuermann navigator
steuermann helmsman
gesellschafter partners
gesellschafter shareholders
gesellschafter associates
gesellschafter shareholder
gesellschafter partner
yang yang
diskriminierung discrimination
diskriminierung discriminatory
abhandlung essay
abhandlung treatise
abhandlung essays
merseburg merseburg
welten worlds
geistige mental
aviv aviv
ing ing
hildegard hildegard
reutlingen reutlingen
fahne banner
fahne flag
leslie leslie
entstehenden nascent
logisch logical
logisch logic
kasten box
piraten raiders
piraten pirates
piraten pirate
abgestimmt voted
abgestimmt matched
ladung load
ladung cargo
ladung summons
unterdessen meanwhile
helfer volunteers
helfer helpers
helfer helper
gasthaus tavern
gasthaus inn
gasthaus guesthouse
kontrollieren controlling
lotus lotus
ziegler ziegler
cohen cohen
gedichten poems
ausschluss expulsion
ausschluss exclude
ausschluss exclusion
ausschluss exclusions
universidad universidad
kameras cams
kameras camera
kameras cameras
wikis wikis
erkrankte diseased
biologischen biological
karibik caribbean
pazifischen pacific
kuppel cupola
kuppel dome
individuell individually
individuell personalized
individuell individual
individuell customized
gloria gloria
kranken sick
kiss kiss
sean sean
angegebene specified
achte eighth
dreizehn thirteen
luke luke
luke hatch
platziert placed
platziert positioned
platziert planted
ermittlung investigation
verbleiben remain
granit granite
phillips phillips
reife maturity
reife ripe
reife mature
kammern chambers
mallorca majorca
mallorca mallorca
fenstern windows
dankbar thankful
dankbar grateful
triathlon triathlon
warnung warn
warnung warning
warnung alert
warnung warnings
slawischen slavic
parlamentarischen parliamentary
formalen formal
optischen optical
optischen optics
neumarkt neumarkt
relation ratio
relation relation
biographische biographical
bert bert
diesel diesel
ingeborg ingeborg
namensraum namespace
intro intro
made made
made maggot
unterkategorie subcategories
unterkategorie subcategory
gleichfalls likewise
geboten commandments
geboten bidding
geboten bid
erlass edict
erlass decree
erlass remission
vordere anterior
legal legally
legal legit
schuldig guilty
verteidigt defends
verteidigt defend
verteidigt defending
verteidigt defended
variationen variations
permanent permanent
permanent permanently
referenz ref
referenz reference
kohl cabbage
kohl cabbages
kohl kale
kohl kohl
curt curt
grammy grammy
hughes hughes
herford herford
kongresses congress
claudius claudius
kriegsmarine navy
kiefer pinus
kiefer jaw
kiefer kiefer
kiefer pine
kiefer jaws
neuesten newest
neuesten latest
rechtfertigt justify
rechtfertigt justifies
bettina bettina
zar tsar
zar czar
alliance alliance
mechanischen mechanical
kennzeichnung marking
kennzeichnung label
kennzeichnung identification
kennzeichnung labeling
kennzeichnung labelling
angebunden tethered
inge inge
schmal skinny
schmal narrow
schmal slim
schmal slender
bundesverband bundesverband
aufbauen build
rica rica
neuordnung rearrangement
alphabet alphabet
eugene eugene
geschieden divorced
jutta neil
jutta terry
jutta judith
jutta jutta
sud sud
eingesetzte deployed
einfaches simple
harvey harvey
kompetenzen skills
kompetenzen competencies
kompetenzen competences
kompetenzen competence
apotheker pharmacists
apotheker pharmacist
apotheker chemist
apotheker apothecary
lohnt worth
lohnt worthwhile
definitionen definitions
definitionen definition
banner banners
banner banner
nerven nerves
nerven nervous
nerven nerve
anonym anonymous
siena sienna
siena siena
maya mayan
maya maya
zoologe zoologist
wiederholung recurrence
wiederholung repetition
wiederholung repeat
wiederholung replay
wiederholung rerun
kunde customer
kunde client
liebt loves
beschwerden complaints
beschwerden grievances
beschwerden complaint
beschwerden discomfort
gleichgewicht balance
gleichgewicht balancing
gleichgewicht equilibrium
heimatland homeland
vermarktet marketed
globale global
bourbon bourbon
steigerung increase
steigerung boost
gebrochen broken
gebrochen broke
gebrochen fractured
karsten karsten
fachzeitschriften journals
fachzeitschriften periodicals
beantragt requested
fahrrad bikes
fahrrad cycling
fahrrad bike
fahrrad bicycle
fahrrad biking
komponente constituent
komponente component
komponente plugin
terra terra
einsicht insight
einsicht hindsight
andrei andrey
andrei andrei
manuell manual
manuell manually
tafeln tables
tafeln panels
tafeln tablets
tafeln boards
radebeul radebeul
abgelegt discarded
abgelegt filed
verb verb
feature feature
ana ana
bomber bomber
bomber bombers
bertelsmann bertelsmann
trilogie trilogy
balkan balkans
balkan balkan
befestigung fortification
befestigung fixing
befestigung fortifications
befestigung attachment
befestigung mounting
befestigung fastening
metzler metzler
botanischen botanic
botanischen botanical
akademischer academic
weltweite worldwide
weltweite global
kurier courier
wiedergegeben reproduced
schwieriger harder
optimal optimal
optimal optimum
optimal optimally
wohnort residence
strategische strategic
nintendo nintendo
grafiken graphs
grafiken charts
grafiken graphics
dragon dragon
behoben resolved
behoben solved
behoben fixed
goldenes golden
montenegro montenegro
savoyen savoie
savoyen savoy
bernstein amber
bernstein bernstein
staatsmann statesman
energien energies
canal canal
bunker bunker
bunker bunkers
blanc blanc
she she
wings wings
erleichtern ease
erleichtern facilitating
erleichtern facilitate
giacomo giacomo
astronomische astronomical
rekorde records
hertha hertha
adenauer adenauer
champagne champagne
auvergne auvergne
odenwald odenwald
konstruktive constructional
konstruktive constructive
versprechen promises
versprechen promise
versprechen pledge
lenz lenz
vernichtung annihilation
vernichtung extermination
vernichtung destruction
weiblicher feminine
jensen jensen
unzureichend unsatisfactory
unzureichend inadequate
unzureichend inadequacy
unzureichend insufficiently
unzureichend insufficient
richmond richmond
myspace myspace
innenhof courtyard
innenhof patio
demonstration demonstration
sichere safe
sichere secure
untersagt forbidden
untersagt prohibited
untersagt banned
kamerun cameroon
franziskus francis
verweigert denies
verweigert refused
verweigert denied
hunt hunt
gest gest
integrierte integral
integrierte integrated
rassismus racism
itf itf
wasserversorgung water
vermeidung avoiding
vermeidung avoid
vermeidung avoidance
resultate results
resultate outcomes
commander commander
gewachsen grown
observatorium observatory
hobby hobby
hobby hobbies
illustrierte illustrated
laufende ongoing
eroberten conquered
abel abel
sara sara
weinheim weinheim
cache cache
adelheid adelheid
schießen shoot
schießen shooting
schießen firing
beatles beatles
bomben bomb
bomben bombs
bomben bombing
marquis marquis
stolpersteine stolpersteine
naturschutzgebiete reserves
alexei alexei
alexei alexey
alexei alexis
alexei aleksey
erobern conquer
erobern conquering
kritikern critics
gemeinschaften communities
gemeinschaften community
divisionen divisions
ausreichen suffice
jude jew
jude jude
esslingen esslingen
schwimmer swimmers
schwimmer floats
schwimmer swimmer
ottawa ottawa
jahrzehnt decade
ceo ceo
faschismus fascist
faschismus fascism
vorstandsvorsitzender ceo
vorstandsvorsitzender chairman
kuhn kuhn
verschollen disappeared
zeug stuff
owen owen
roosevelt roosevelt
hesse hesse
clan clan
clan clans
buslinien bus
buslinien buses
editieren edit
editieren editing
reims reims
erarbeitet elaborated
jedermann everybody
jedermann anyone
jedermann everyone
jedermann anybody
blei lead
geologische geologic
geologische geological
komitees committees
wasserburg wasserburg
relative relative
franchise franchise
franchise franchising
verbund composite
verbund interconnection
leuchtturm lighthouse
leuchtturm beacon
panik panic
angelika angelika
angelika angelica
cameron cameron
biographien biographies
schmetterling butterfly
schmetterling moth
jupiter jupiter
verona verona
kastilien castile
kastilien castilla
schwachen weak
verursachen causing
verursachen cause
verursachen causes
emmanuel emmanuel
raumschiff spacecraft
raumschiff spaceship
raumschiff starship
organische organic
nachfolgend hereinafter
lachen laughs
lachen laughter
lachen laughing
lachen laugh
moderierte moderated
moderierte hosted
fachgebiet specialty
fachgebiet speciality
claire claire
betonte emphasized
betonte emphasised
betonte underlined
betonte stressed
progressive progressive
leeren emptying
leeren empty
leeren blank
hardcore hardcore
differenz gap
differenz difference
differenz differential
nicola nicola
diener servant
diener servants
diener valet
detaillierte detailed
daily daily
charakterisiert characterised
charakterisiert characterises
charakterisiert characterized
charakterisiert characterizes
friends friends
pflichten obligations
pflichten responsibilities
pflichten duties
salt salt
irgendetwas something
irgendetwas anything
maritime maritime
beliebtheit popularity
katzen cats
katzen cat
basic basic
versicherung insurance
versicherung insurances
umkreis perimeter
umkreis radius
patricia patricia
amtierenden reigning
dichten dense
dichten densities
zweifelhaft questionable
zweifelhaft dubious
zweifelhaft doubtful
ausschnitt neckline
ausschnitt excerpt
ausschnitt snippet
ausschnitt cleavage
neigung gradient
neigung propensity
neigung slope
neigung tendency
neigung inclination
griffen handles
griffen grips
fabian fabian
orlando orlando
una una
napoleons napoleon
quo quo
madagaskar madagascar
madagaskar malagasy
typisches typical
zuhause home
steilen steep
detlef gerald
detlef detlef
detlef gareth
krim crimea
krim crimean
einseitig unilateral
einseitig unilaterally
impulse stimulus
impulse impulses
impulse impetus
impulse pulses
impulse impulse
sullivan sullivan
anweisung statement
rabbiner rabbi
rabbiner rabbis
kunstmuseum kunstmuseum
sozialdemokraten socialists
anmeldung notification
anmeldung login
anmeldung register
anmeldung registration
iranischen iranian
pat pat
massen bulk
massen masses
massen crowds
siebte seventh
verleiht confers
verleiht gives
verleiht lends
kongregation congregation
morgens mornings
morgens morning
bang bang
horizontal horizontally
horizontal horizontal
mer mer
gespannt anxiously
gespannt excited
hebt raises
stabil sturdy
stabil stable
kreuzberg kreuzberg
heiner heiner
ahmad ahmed
ahmad ahmad
geschenk gifts
geschenk present
geschenk gift
einzelheiten details
einzelheiten detail
optik optics
optik optic
habsburger habsburgs
habsburger habsburg
dreißig thirty
verurteilung sentencing
verurteilung condemnation
verurteilung convictions
verurteilung conviction
unterschrift signing
unterschrift signatures
unterschrift signature
gegossen cast
gegossen poured
gegossen watered
missionar missionary
niger niger
unterhielt entertained
laser laser
laser lasers
fbi fbi
fbi feds
beseitigen eliminate
beseitigen eradicate
obst fruit
obst fruits
maske mask
maske masks
padua padua
padua padova
drachen dragon
drachen kites
drachen kite
drachen dragons
aha aha
got got
gestoßen bumped
elberfeld elberfeld
zeugnis testimonial
zeugnis certificate
zeugnis testimony
dicken thick
dicken thicknesses
dicken thickness
beirat advisory
wirkungen effects
wirkungen impacts
gewebe woven
gewebe tissue
gewebe tissues
gewebe fabrics
gewebe fabric
erhebungen surveys
moin moin
maxim maxim
schauplatz scene
hendrik hendrik
hendrik hendrick
jet jet
potsdamer potsdamer
potsdamer potsdam
impact impact
missionen mission
missionen missions
missionen quests
definierte defined
mare mare
arg arg
kenia kenya
kenia nairobi
legenden legends
legenden legend
verbrannt scorched
verbrannt burned
verbrannt burnt
verbrannt incinerated
lanka lanka
fide fide
wenigsten fewest
wenigsten least
mendelssohn mendelssohn
robertson robertson
geliebten beloved
pedal pedal
wiley wiley
fusionierte merged
css css
benutzernamen username
benutzernamen usernames
interpreten performers
schaffhausen schaffhausen
navigation navigation
navigation navigating
parkplatz carpark
parkplatz parking
fossilien fossils
fossilien fossil
komponistin composer
eingabe input
eingabe typing
eingabe entering
eingabe enter
drucker printer
drucker drucker
drucker printers
elster elster
elster magpie
apotheke pharmacies
apotheke drugstore
apotheke chemist
apotheke pharmacy
anschauen watching
anschauen watch
verursachte caused
uniform uniforms
uniform uniform
animation animation
verwandelt turned
verwandelt transformed
verwandelt transforms
verwandelt turns
sic sic
strich dash
won won
kommentiert commented
daimler daimler
dauerhafte durable
dauerhafte lasting
erzgebirge erzgebirge
kinderlos childless
getrennte separated
getrennte separate
heil heil
heil salvation
heil hail
fressen eating
fressen eat
fressen chow
astronomischen astronomical
astronomischen astronomy
unsinnig nonsensical
auftraggeber contracting
auftraggeber client
auftraggeber principals
auftraggeber clients
auftraggeber contractors
gesteuert controlled
gesteuert steered
wirtschaftswissenschaftler economist
wirtschaftswissenschaftler economists
pascha pasha
belle belle
gerichts tribunal
klingen sounding
klingen blades
empfang reception
sweet sweet
rap rap
weitergeleitet redirected
weitergeleitet forwarded
weitergeleitet relayed
clinton clinton
litauischer lithuanian
filmemacher filmmakers
filmemacher filmmaker
nirgendwo anywhere
nirgendwo nowhere
parish parish
stapel batch
stapel pile
stapel stack
stapel piles
stapel stacks
zealand zealand
mentor mentor
dialekte dialects
beliebtes popular
einwanderer migrant
einwanderer migrants
einwanderer immigrants
einwanderer immigration
einwanderer immigrant
tastatur keyboards
tastatur keypad
tastatur keyboard
bauteile components
verleihen confer
verleihen conferring
transfer transfer
rebellion rebellion
kahl bald
joel joel
saturn saturn
herausforderung challenges
herausforderung challenge
herausforderung challenging
kanzlei firm
kanzlei chancery
kanzlei registry
initiativen initiatives
stellungen positions
seat seat
benutzername username
nee nah
nee nee
nee naw
handy handy
handy cellphone
realisierung realisation
realisierung realization
asche ashes
asche ash
porta porta
binden bind
binden commit
binden binding
binden tie
late late
verehrung reverence
verehrung adoration
verehrung worship
verehrung devotion
jemandem someone
jemandem somebody
kontrast contrasts
kontrast contrasting
kontrast contrast
wittgenstein wittgenstein
next next
karel karel
beinamen nicknames
jahrestag anniversaries
jahrestag anniversary
boulevard blvd
boulevard boulevard
gelehrter scholar
palmer palmer
buchstabe letter
rolling rolling
droste droste
neuburg neuburg
realismus realistic
realismus realism
reduktion reduction
gesamtheit entirety
gesamtheit totality
zugeschlagen struck
zugeschlagen slammed
stiel stalk
stiel stem
gewechselt switched
brigadegeneral brigadier
brigadegeneral brig
reichenbach reichenbach
hansa hansa
donnerstag thursdays
donnerstag thursday
gras gras
gras grass
gras weed
waldes woodland
reliefs reliefs
interpretationen interpretations
maas meuse
maas maas
großherzog duke
strauß bouquet
strauß strauss
strauß ostrich
spree spree
zuordnen attribute
zuordnen allocate
zuordnen assigning
zuordnen assign
malcolm malcolm
lebensunterhalt subsistence
lebensunterhalt livelihoods
lebensunterhalt sustenance
lebensunterhalt livelihood
eduardo eduardo
brunner brunner
wanderte wandered
wanderte emigrated
batterie battery
sidney sidney
pink pink
mantel coat
mantel overcoat
mantel cloak
mantel mantle
arsenal arsenal
eichen oaks
eichen oak
neuling newcomer
neuling novice
neuling newbie
neuling rookie
karen karen
inwiefern how
intel intel
thieme thieme
getreten kicking
getreten stepped
getreten kicked
komisch funny
komisch weird
komisch strange
komisch odd
anzeiger scoreboard
melchior melchior
delegierter delegate
staatsbibliothek staatsbibliothek
fischen fishes
fischen fish
fischen fishing
modernisiert modernized
modernisiert modernised
executive executive
libyen libyan
libyen libya
verhinderte prevented
krupp krupp
musikwissenschaftler musicologist
bestreiten deny
schmerzen aches
schmerzen pain
schmerzen pains
vampir vampire
moderatorin moderator
moderatorin presenter
pfeil arrow
pfeil dart
cent cents
cent penny
cent cent
cent dime
technologien technologies
technologien technology
living living
privatdozent lecturer
privatdozent privatdozent
vereinigtes united
toledo toledo
widersprechen contradict
pfeiffer pfeiffer
gruppierungen factions
gruppierungen groupings
geholt fetched
geholt retrieved
foster foster
weile while
angola angola
argumentieren arguing
argumentieren argue
dis dis
botanik botany
botanik botanical
botanik botanic
eiche oak
soccer soccer
och och
kath kath
scholz scholz
freilich admittedly
reichtum abundance
reichtum fortune
reichtum riches
reichtum wealth
reichtum richness
vie vie
vorstadt suburb
vorstadt suburban
vorstadt suburbs
ewige everlasting
ewige eternal
besprochen discussed
ketten chains
osmanische ottoman
bedienung waiter
bedienung waitress
departement departmental
bedeutsam meaningful
bedeutsam momentous
gesetzgebung legislature
gesetzgebung legislate
gesetzgebung legislation
gesetzgebung legislative
laurentius laurentius
geformt formed
geformt molded
geformt moulded
geformt shaped
charakteristische characteristic
charakteristische distinctive
strengen rigorous
strengen strict
strengen stringent
briefmarken postage
briefmarken stamp
briefmarken stamps
engelbert engelbert
radikal radical
radikal radically
guinea guinea
ahl ahl
anderswo elsewhere
curtis curtis
einheimische natives
einheimische native
einheimische locals
einheimische indigenous
pete pete
halberstadt halberstadt
amberg amberg
schuppen shed
schuppen sheds
schuppen scales
erzbistums archbishopric
nachhaltige sustainable
modul module
modul plugin
bewaffnung weapons
bewaffnung armament
bewaffnung arming
bewaffnung armaments
bewaffnung weaponry
greg greg
konfrontiert faced
konfrontiert confronted
konfrontiert confronts
konfrontiert confronting
bekomme gettin
bekomme get
vorsicht prudence
vorsicht beware
vorsicht careful
vorsicht caution
mittelfeldspieler midfielder
kronen krona
kronen krone
kronen crown
kronen crowns
kronen czk
sojus soyuz
schlafen asleep
schlafen sleep
schlafen sleeps
schlafen sleeping
weine wine
weine cry
weine wines
lions lions
kleinerer smaller
luc luc
rupert rowley
rupert rupert
wasserstoff hydrogen
nielsen nielsen
taz taz
rapid rapid
gaius gaius
erleichtert relieved
erleichtert facilitated
erleichtert facilitates
erleichtert facilitate
verwirklicht realized
verwirklicht realised
shaw shaw
taler thalers
aufsichtsrat supervisory
aufsichtsrat board
rufen shout
rufen summon
rufen call
dtv dtv
rachel rachel
behinderung handicap
behinderung disabilities
behinderung disability
behinderung obstruction
mythen myths
mythen myth
vulkan volcanic
vulkan volcano
vulkan vulcan
vulkan vulkan
prominenten celebrity
prominenten celebrities
prominenten prominent
release release
ionen ions
ionen ion
circuit circuit
erlitten suffered
schalke schalke
kleist kleist
profis professionals
profis pros
carol carol
partido partido
erfassung capture
erfassung capturing
erfassung coverage
dreier threesome
dreier three
dreier threes
jesse jesse
tochterunternehmen subsidiary
tochterunternehmen subsidiaries
ziffern digits
ziffern numerals
ziffern digit
ziffern paragraphs
berechtigung eligibility
berechtigung justification
berechtigung permission
passend fitting
passend suitable
kanals canal
vorab pre
vorab upfront
vorab predefined
vorderseite front
leopoldina leopoldina
propheten prophets
propheten prophet
dimensionen dimensions
dimensionen dimension
briefwechsel correspondence
psychologe psychologist
psychologe psychologists
psychologe psychology
grove grove
pisa pisa
speed speed
valle valle
eder eder
arbeitskreis workgroup
artur arthur
artur artur
intervention intervention
hallen halls
zweige twigs
zweige branches
pianistin pianist
verfall revocation
verfall decomposition
verfall deterioration
verfall decay
kommandanten commanders
kommandanten commandant
kommandanten commander
benno benno
skala scale
paraguay paraguay
pavillon gazebo
pavillon pavilion
privilegien privilege
privilegien privileges
chirurg surgeon
autonomie autonomy
petri petri
schuljahr school
gib give
gib enter
nizza nice
bulletin bulletin
glaubte believed
quadratischen quadratic
mason mason
hunger famine
hunger starvation
hunger hungry
hunger hunger
reuter reuter
illustration illustration
verhaltens behaviour
verhaltens behavioural
verhaltens behavior
verhaltens behavioral
ried ried
lateinamerika latin
strenge stringent
strenge strict
strenge rigor
strenge stringency
hinterher afterwards
sardinien sardinia
sardinien sardinian
prozessen processes
amerikanisch american
staub dust
airways airways
biennale biennale
biennale biennial
gif gif
wurzel root
wurzel roots
leichnam corpse
todesstrafe penalty
todesstrafe death
familiennamen surnames
fleck stain
fleck smudge
fleck blur
comeback comeback
hilfsmittel aids
hilfsmittel tools
hilfsmittel utilities
flankiert flanked
einordnen classify
bryan bryan
bennett bennett
typischer typical
scherz joke
scherz prank
scherz joking
scherz kidding
empfehlungen testimonials
empfehlungen suggestions
empfehlungen referrals
empfehlungen recommendation
empfehlungen recommendations
lie lie
bildschirm screens
bildschirm screen
bildschirm display
bildschirm monitor
bildschirm desktop
swing swing
bombe bomb
bestraft punish
bestraft punished
vereinfacht simplify
vereinfacht simplifies
vereinfacht simplified
anthropologie anthropology
vandalen vandals
columbus columbus
zusammengesetzt composed
zusammengesetzt assembled
unseres ours
radar radar
radar radars
monde monde
monde moons
abweichungen discrepancies
abweichungen deviation
abweichungen deviations
bonaparte bonaparte
anspielung allusion
eur eur
rechteckigen rectangular
juri yuri
juri yury
xavier xavier
trompete trumpet
krimi thriller
imperial imperial
schweinfurt schweinfurt
satzung statutes
satzung charter
satzung articles
satzung bylaws
satzung statute
fasste summarized
fasste summarised
fasste summed
