picking cueillette
algorithms algorithmes
algorithms algorithme
nassau nassau
constituent constitutif
constituent constituante
constituent constituant
falcons faucons
bart bart
punch punch
clash clash
clash affrontement
continuation continuation
charities bienfaisance
abdullah abdullah
abdullah abdallah
josef josef
loosely vaguement
comfort confort
comfort comfort
cadet cadets
cadet cadette
cadet cadet
nave nef
shooter shooter
shooter tireur
lotus lotus
enlarged agrandi
dwarf nain
dwarf nains
dwarf naine
affecting affectant
packers packers
antwerp anvers
glad content
fold plier
fold rabattre
fold pli
knox knox
terrace terrasse
terrace terrasses
flanders flamand
flanders flandre
flanders flamande
flanders flandres
tri tri
socialism socialisme
renault renault
fleming fleming
judy judy
infected infecter
informative instructif
informative informative
informative informatif
happiness bonheur
miracle miracles
miracle miraculeux
miracle miraculeuse
miracle miracle
leisure loisirs
leisure loisir
kindergarten maternelle
leopold leopold
barker barker
waterloo waterloo
sage sauge
sage sage
adviser conseiller
accepts accepte
trim trim
trim garnitures
trim garniture
basilica basilique
sitcom sitcom
cartoons caricatures
atom atome
atom atom
normandy normande
normandy normandie
financing financement
financing financements
admits admet
passive passif
passive passive
passive passives
passive passifs
modification modification
shiva shiva
tudor tudor
breakdown ventilation
alfonso alphonse
alfonso alfonso
badminton badminton
fiber fibre
fiber fibres
fiba fiba
mice souris
carlisle carlisle
subdivisions subdivisions
tired marre
wage salaire
fingers doigts
cest cest
loving aimant
loving aimer
loving affectueux
worried inquiet
worried inquiets
gambling jeu
randolph randolph
allison allison
capitals majuscules
capitals capitales
auditorium auditorium
vault caveau
vault coffre
haute haute
descendant descendant
poison poisons
poison empoisonner
poison poison
gujarat gujarat
royals royals
yan yan
damages dommages
eleanor eleanor
parsons parsons
invested investie
invested investi
invested investis
calvin calvin
dover dover
dover douvres
mafia mafia
mafia mafieux
resembles ressemble
anon anon
deny refuser
deny nier
deny renier
shapes formes
madras madras
professionally professionnellement
essence essence
myers myers
myers meyers
saturn saturn
saturn saturne
transmitted transmise
transmitted transmises
transmitted transmis
freed affranchi
domains domaines
hanover hanovre
mets mets
pike pike
sketches esquisses
sketches croquis
cellular cellulaire
cellular cellulaires
augusta augusta
sinclair sinclair
examine examiner
unexpected inattendue
unexpected inattendu
sponsorship parrainage
sponsorship commandite
sponsorship commandites
dab dab
bmw bmw
uncommon rare
aria aria
barton barton
miranda miranda
dodge dodge
dodge esquive
dodge esquiver
sunderland sunderland
plug plug
orbital orbitale
orbital orbital
spreading propagation
puzzle puzzle
symbolic symboliques
symbolic symbolique
diamonds carreau
diamonds diamants
diamonds diamant
viable viable
viable viables
flee fuir
flee fuis
roses roses
roses rosiers
competitor concurrent
competitor concurrents
munster munster
midway midway
germanic germanique
urdu ourdou
scratch scratch
scratch griffe
scratch gratter
lahore lahore
pipeline gazoduc
pipeline canalisation
pipeline pipeline
protective protecteur
protective protectrice
protective protecteurs
levy levy
levy cotisation
rodriguez rodriguez
seymour seymour
affects affectent
affects affecte
pac pac
jules jules
archer archer
promises promesses
promises promesse
remake remake
forts forts
accusation accusation
accusation accusations
reopened rouvert
phases phases
rendering rendu
progression progression
lacked manquait
clement clement
mackenzie mackenzie
judith judith
salisbury salisbury
primera primera
polls sondages
cope cope
beds lits
howe howe
calcutta calcutta
stems tiges
dubious douteux
dubious douteuse
dubious douteuses
lafayette lafayette
uniforms uniformes
uniforms uniforme
tips pourboires
tips astuces
tips trucs
tips conseils
partition cloisons
partition partition
partition cloison
conclusions conclusions
destiny destiny
destiny destin
sigma sigma
reporters reporters
reporters journalistes
daytime diurne
aurora aurora
aurora aurores
aurora aurore
goodbye adieu
goodbye adieux
coordinate coordonner
steering pilotage
pepper poivron
pepper pepper
pepper piment
pepper poivrons
pepper poivre
drunk saoul
drunk ivrogne
drunk ivre
seals phoque
seals sceaux
seals phoques
seals joints
scouting scoutisme
swim nager
swim nage
swim natation
swim baignade
cunningham cunningham
lexington lexington
expenses frais
controversies controverses
agnes agnes
higgins higgins
functioning fonctionnement
seine senne
seine seine
byron byron
accomplishments accomplissements
fool idiot
fool bouffon
downs downs
brave braves
brave courageux
brave brave
brave courageuse
mozart mozart
gil gil
dirt crasse
aquatic aquatiques
aquatic aquatique
noel noel
inventory inventaire
inventory inventaires
ethiopian ethiopie
meanings significations
rgb rvb
imagination imagination
barber coiffeur
barber barber
barber barbier
slogan slogan
reich reich
hurricanes ouragans
desktop bureau
amusement amusement
hunters chasseurs
drops gouttes
sept sept
hague haye
bronx bronx
dukes ducs
natives natifs
rna arn
turin turin
crush broyer
accusing accusant
accusing accusateur
exploring explorant
exploring explorer
reunited retrouvailles
wii wii
taiwanese taiwanais
capturing capturer
capturing capture
capturing capter
enforce appliquer
clouds nuages
owl chouettes
owl hibou
owl chouette
struggles luttes
namibia namibie
pratt pratt
tate tate
romeo romeo
lonely solitude
lonely solitaire
lonely solitaires
deaf sourde
deaf sourd
deaf sourds
newsletter newsletter
newsletter bulletin
ink encres
ink encre
dwight dwight
menu menu
steelers steelers
paolo paolo
supernatural surnaturels
supernatural surnaturel
supernatural surnaturelle
launching lancement
finishes finitions
lamb agneaux
lamb agneau
resemble ressembler
hesse hesse
storms orages
simpsons simpson
flemish flamand
flemish flamande
flemish flamands
logistics logistique
consort consort
satellites satellites
dub dub
elisabeth elisabeth
apache apache
apache apaches
antenna antenne
ashes cendre
ashes cendres
fin nageoire
fin fin
trump atout
trump trump
wounds plaies
wounds blessures
alternatives alternatives
turtle turtle
turtle tortue
turtle tortues
greenwich greenwich
cake gateau
cake tourteaux
cake galette
tributaries affluents
heather heather
hobart hobart
pulse pouls
pulse impulsions
pulse pulsation
pulse pulsations
pulse impulsion
camden camden
meyrick meyrick
irrigation irrigation
irrigation arrosage
kyoto kyoto
labrador labrador
vera vera
honestly franchement
ninja ninja
ninja ninjas
transcription transcription
employers employeurs
winger ailier
winger winger
pays paie
pays paye
cycles cycles
node noeud
node n≈ìud
expressing exprimer
expressing exprimant
habit habitude
habit habitudes
habit habit
viewer afficheur
viewer spectateur
viewer visionneuse
russians russes
shields boucliers
shields bouclier
analyst analyste
analyst analystes
interval intervalle
interval entracte
interval intervalles
igor igor
oath serment
welcomed accueillis
welcomed accueilli
twist twist
twist torsion
griffith griffith
aston aston
nicaragua nicaragua
bacon bacon
bacon lard
bury enterrer
frankly franchement
smithsonian smithsonian
premium prime
premium primes
premium premium
ned ned
mayo mayo
mayo mayonnaise
walton walton
stevenson stevenson
curves courbes
curves courbe
xii xii
xii xiie
jacobs jacobs
hire engager
isolation isolation
isolation isolement
raven corbeau
raven raven
dig creuser
dig creuse
introduces introduit
verbal verbale
verbal verbal
patents brevets
usc usc
holt holt
clifford clifford
sonata sonate
sonata sonata
slang argot
trout truites
trout truite
panic paniques
panic paniquer
panic panique
tulsa tulsa
aaa aaa
teresa teresa
advancement avancement
hunger faim
ears oreilles
laurent laurent
vandals vandales
splitting fractionnement
splitting scission
courtesy courtoisie
courtesy politesse
rodney rodney
subscription souscription
subscription abonnements
subscription abonnement
perspectives perspectives
augustine augustin
augustine augustine
eighteenth xviiie
midwest midwest
pasha pacha
amber amber
amber ambre
dayton dayton
universidad universidad
designing concevoir
overtime prolongations
overtime prolongation
rows lignes
rows rangs
ave ave
pts stp
pts pts
autonomy autonomie
kuala kuala
conway conway
magnus magnus
protesters manifestants
protesters contestataires
protesters protestataires
inflation inflation
hancock hancock
unacceptable inacceptable
unacceptable inadmissible
unacceptable inacceptables
passport passeport
passport passeports
baba baba
viral viral
viral virale
clearing compensation
woody woody
ventures ventures
tab tabulation
tab onglets
tab tab
tab onglet
marginal marginal
marginal marginales
marginal marginaux
marginal marginale
inscriptions inscriptions
shame dommage
shame honteuse
shame honteux
shame honte
motivation motivations
motivation motivation
motivation motiver
yoga yoga
rotterdam rotterdam
marvin marvin
teenager ado
teenager adolescente
teenager adolescent
northumberland northumberland
laurel laurel
laurel laurier
balloon ballons
balloon ballon
sponsors commanditaires
sponsors parrains
sponsors sponsors
greenland groenland
rahman rahman
ivy ivy
screw vis
screw baiser
screw baise
wigan wigan
vicar vicaire
surprising surprenantes
surprising surprenant
surprising surprenants
surprising surprenante
sandra sandra
overwhelming accablant
rats rats
mali malien
mali mali
baku bakou
stranger etranger
installations installations
payne payne
mod mod
projection saillie
projection projection
projection projections
ferrari ferrari
collectors collecteur
collectors collecteurs
collectors collectionneurs
sands sables
sands sands
subtle subtilement
subtle subtil
subtle subtile
strips bandes
shoe chaussure
shoe soulier
basket basket
basket panier
basket corbeille
moroccan marocains
moroccan marocain
moroccan marocaine
gfdl gfdl
tally tally
silicon silicon
silicon silicone
silicon silicium
rage fureur
rage rage
brent brent
aliens etrangers
cao cao
imagery imagerie
nucleus noyau
practically pratiquement
practically quasiment
simmons simmons
circuits circuits
strand volet
strand brin
promotes favorise
promotes encourage
promotes promeut
tooth dents
tooth dent
uranium uranium
complications complication
complications complications
sega sega
clusters amas
clusters grappes
zambia zambie
employ emploient
isabella isabella
isabella isabelle
abandon abandon
abandon abandonner
abandon abandonne
marriages mariages
tunes airs
probable probables
probable vraisemblable
probable probable
accent accentuation
accent accent
accent accents
incorporates incorpore
robots robotique
robots robots
slate ardoise
weston weston
parachute parachute
parachute parachutisme
parachute parachutes
lauren lauren
skiers skieurs
clearance clairance
snails escargots
mercer mercer
mercer mercier
crimson crimson
crimson pourpre
incorrectly incorrectement
meal repas
islander insulaire
pharmaceutical pharmaceutique
dominion dominion
chemist chimiste
chemist pharmacien
medley nages
medley medley
proves prouve
porn pornographie
porn porno
mirrors miroirs
expressions expressions
leningrad leningrad
psychiatric psychiatrique
psychiatric psychiatrie
psychiatric psychiatriques
laos laos
wiltshire wiltshire
tense tendu
tense tendus
tense tendue
ant ant
ant fourmi
hectares hectares
hectares hectare
fears peurs
fears craintes
curling curling
rotten pourris
rotten pourri
rotten pourrie
fury fury
fury fureur
fury furie
bihar bihar
confident confiant
confident confiants
confident confiante
pioneering pionnier
suzuki suzuki
fascist fasciste
fascist fascistes
marquis marquis
registry registre
registry greffe
catches prises
catches captures
olivier olivier
halt halte
chronology chronologie
polytechnic polytechnique
randall randall
dunn dunn
chandler chandler
acknowledge reconnaissent
laurence laurence
laurence laurent
arabs arabes
verde verde
landscapes paysages
curved courbe
reilly reilly
spatial spatiale
commissions commissions
approximate approximative
approximate approximatif
approximate approximativement
counterpart contrepartie
cease cesse
cease cesser
cease cessez
ugly affreux
ugly laid
ugly moche
ugly laide
ugly moches
fraction fraction
rivera rivera
transaction transaction
decay pourriture
substances substances
sued poursuivi
sued poursuivis
guam guam
fencing escrime
zhou zhou
finalists finalistes
mir mir
turbine turbine
install installer
install installent
install installe
eduardo eduardo
vince vince
mint menthe
katie katie
bizarre bizarre
ign ign
swansea swansea
wheelchair fauteuil
refusing refusant
slip glissement
slip slip
slip glisser
slip glisse
shri shri
gore gore
herb herb
herb herbes
herb herbe
rep rep
crescent croissant
crescent crescent
syntax syntaxe
hale hale
sonny sonny
sonny fiston
jonas jonas
hawkins hawkins
similarity similitude
similarity ressemblance
similarity ressemblances
sheets feuilles
sheets draps
suspicion suspicion
winters hivers
winters winters
launches lancements
tonnes tonnes
nautical nautique
nautical nautiques
cds cds
cds cd
casa casa
tricks astuces
tricks ruses
burlington burlington
partnerships partenariats
guaranteed garantie
guaranteed garanti
guaranteed garantis
guaranteed garanties
swamp marais
hanna hanna
dove dove
dove colombe
jennings jennings
sutherland sutherland
gym gymnase
gym gym
patriotic patriotisme
patriotic patriotique
patriotic patriotes
patriotic patriote
suspects suspects
ads annonces
collectively collectivement
staffordshire staffordshire
revenues revenus
licenses licences
ingredients composants
benny benny
stafford stafford
stephens stephens
xiii xiii
xiii xiiie
dramatically dramatiquement
racer coureur
racer racer
translators traducteurs
translators traducteur
beef b≈ìuf
beef boeuf
modules modules
dei dei
moist humide
moist moelleux
moist moite
moist humides
aging vieillir
aging vieillissant
aging vieillissement
garrett garrett
garrett garret
dinosaur dinosaures
dinosaur dinosaure
emblem armoiries
plague peste
broadcasters diffuseurs
broadcasters radiodiffuseurs
wan wan
christchurch christchurch
pie tarte
pie pie
pie tartes
spiral spirale
spiral spirales
marcos marcos
tensions tensions
orchestral orchestrale
cement ciments
cement ciment
continually continuellement
madame madame
luigi luigi
ieee ieee
donation dons
donation don
donation donation
hare hare
correction corriger
correction correction
correction rectification
correction correcteur
correction rectificatif
jensen jensen
crusade croisades
crusade croisade
talbot talbot
brooke brooke
extensions rallonges
extensions extensions
cube cube
cube cubique
goa goa
maggie maggie
boots bottines
boots boots
boots bottes
ambulance ambulancier
ambulance ambulances
ambulance ambulanciers
ambulance ambulance
disabilities handicaps
tyne tyne
byrne byrne
luna luna
flint flint
flint silex
skeleton ossature
skeleton squelette
skeleton squelettes
burmese birmans
burmese birman
burmese birmane
burmese birmanie
kurdish kurdes
kurdish kurde
lawn pelouse
lawn gazon
weaver weaver
mai mai
einstein einstein
forgot oubli
gould gould
crosby crosby
livingston livingston
wreck naufrage
niagara niagara
treatments soins
treatments traitements
sinking naufrage
sinking couler
vintage vintage
perkins perkins
gdp pib
pius pius
pius pie
troubles perturbations
troubles troubles
tina tina
resume reprendre
resume cv
resume reprise
footnote note
molly molly
robbie robbie
attitudes attitudes
mans mans
boost stimuler
boost boost
boost dynamiser
boost booster
neighbors voisines
neighbors voisins
restoring restaurer
rim rebord
rim rim
rim jante
assam assam
abundant abondance
abundant abondante
abundant abondants
abundant abondant
abundant abondantes
wendy wendy
gran gran
feud querelle
feud vendetta
jockey jockey
breathing respiration
breathing respirer
alison alison
niger niger
prone enclin
emmanuel emmanuel
doll doll
oaks oaks
umbrella parapluie
umbrella parasol
umbrella ombrelle
elliot elliot
edith edith
showcase vitrine
rotating tournante
rotating rotation
rotating rotatives
rotating rotatif
rotating tournant
angles angles
survives survit
insignia insigne
insignia insignes
berg berg
combines combine
paula paula
affiliates filiales
sink lavabo
sink couler
concentrate concentre
concentrate concentrer
prop prop
hiking faune
mansfield mansfield
refusal refus
rama rama
afb afb
airplane avion
violet violette
violet violettes
violet violet
northampton northampton
wordpress wordpress
globally globalement
constable gendarme
gentleman gentilhomme
gentleman gentleman
cosmic cosmique
cosmic cosmiques
shawn shawn
piper piper
banker banquier
villagers villageois
bullets balles
bullets puces
holden holden
lionel lionel
demonstrations manifestations
daniels daniels
drinks boisson
drinks boissons
prosecutor procureur
inaccurate inexactes
inaccurate inexacte
inaccurate inexact
bollywood bollywood
irene irene
chamberlain chambellan
chamberlain chamberlain
dive plonger
dive plongeon
dive plonge
anita anita
apartheid apartheid
ada ada
reject refuser
reject rejeter
abbott abbott
stephanie stephanie
longitude longitude
mack mack
lucia lucie
lucia lucia
smile sourire
feared craignait
feared craint
injection injections
injection injection
calcium calcium
redskins redskins
jill jill
nurses infirmiers
nurses infirmier
sophia sophia
swords sabres
buchanan buchanan
proving prouver
proving prouvant
judging juger
judging jugeant
sanction sanctionner
sanction sanction
employs emploie
sant sant
horace horace
emerson emerson
mandarin mandarin
mandarin mandarine
garde garde
ipswich ipswich
vaughan vaughan
ambitious ambitieuses
ambitious ambitieux
ambitious ambitieuse
philanthropist philanthrope
rajasthan rajasthan
collar collier
collar collet
collar col
honolulu honolulu
fcc fcc
fcc csa
advent avent
brigades brigades
talents talents
jakarta jakarta
jakarta djakarta
natalie natalie
natalie nathalie
chin menton
chin chin
lester lester
macau macao
barbados barbade
activism activisme
activism militantisme
spectators spectateurs
wages salaire
wages salaires
undertook entrepris
recruit recrue
recruit recruter
recruit recrute
sensor capteur
floods inondations
weakened affaiblie
weakened affaibli
weakened affaiblis
twilight twilight
lowe lowe
nitrogen azote
harmful nuisibles
harmful nocif
harmful nocives
harmful nuisible
sergei sergei
sergei serge
kirby kirby
occurrence occurrence
firefox firefox
strengthen renforcer
leonardo leonardo
irc irc
irc cri
brittany bretagne
brittany bretonne
lds lds
rite rite
proportional proportionnels
proportional proportionnel
proportional proportionnelle
speeches discours
speeches allocutions
speeches interventions
una una
contributes concourt
contributes contribue
digit chiffre
lobby hall
lobby lobby
supervisor superviseur
supervisor surveillant
spectacular spectaculaire
spectacular spectaculaires
skaters patineurs
bays baies
bean bean
bean haricot
bean haricots
blades pales
blades lames
nyc nyc
pitt pitt
printer imprimante
printer imprimantes
printer imprimeur
brandenburg brandenburg
brandenburg brandebourg
thumb pouce
mediawiki mediawiki
lublin lublin
isabel isabel
isabel isabelle
sol sol
luftwaffe luftwaffe
seated assise
seated assis
marty marty
segunda segunda
kerr kerr
butterflies papillons
hostage otage
hostage otages
lennon lennon
fowler fowler
labs laboratoires
casual occasionnel
casual occasionnelle
casual occasionnels
rude impoli
rude grossier
rude grossiers
rude rude
cubic cubique
commentators commentateurs
soup potage
soup soupes
soup soupe
loch loch
dissertation dissertation
python python
extract extraire
extract extraits
extract extrait
peasants paysans
throat gorge
finn finn
mound monticule
mozambique mozambique
fortified enrichis
inadequate insuffisant
inadequate insuffisants
inadequate insuffisante
punjabi punjabi
caste castes
caste caste
prisons prisons
stirling stirling
limiting limitation
limiting limitant
limiting limiter
beirut beyrouth
sexually sexuellement
wildcats wildcats
deposit caution
deposit acompte
olivia olivia
colombo colombo
observers observateurs
hubert hubert
basil basile
basil basil
basil basilic
batch lot
greenwood greenwood
breath souffle
breath respiration
breath haleine
baton baguette
baton baton
baton matraque
baton sceptre
caution prudence
meadows meadows
meadows prairies
turnout participation
aluminum aluminium
stein stein
jokes blagues
jokes plaisanteries
italics italique
italics italiques
bark aboyer
flickr flickr
tenants locataires
captains capitaines
factions factions
conscious consciente
conscious conscientes
conscious conscient
conscious conscients
alley alley
alley ruelle
schneider schneider
bert bert
bowie bowie
geo geo
rue rue
undergo subissent
undergo subir
promotions promotions
promotions promotion
diplomats diplomates
critique critique
browne browne
purchasing achats
purchasing achat
pastoral pastorale
pastoral pastorales
liz liz
horns cornes
horns avertisseurs
horns cors
damaging dommageable
damaging endommager
trustee mandataire
trustee fiduciaire
trustee curateur
trustee syndic
taxation imposition
miniature miniature
miniature miniatures
conclude conclure
dartmouth dartmouth
incredible incroyable
incredible incroyables
chevrolet chevrolet
qualifications qualifications
void vide
bosnian bosniaques
bosnian bosniaque
cab taxi
cab cab
cab cabine
passages passages
mater mater
increment accroissement
contests concours
omitted omis
omitted omettre
gentlemen gentlemen
gentlemen messieurs
tumor tumeur
torah torah
catalonia catalogne
warn avertir
geoff geoff
jimbo jimbo
locks serrures
locks cadenas
locks serrure
bees abeille
bees abeilles
vanderbilt vanderbilt
dorsal dorsale
dorsal dorsal
adaptations adaptations
johannesburg johannesburg
bent bent
intentionally intentionnellement
becker becker
assumes assume
assumes suppose
advertisements annonces
humorous humoristique
shores rivages
shores rives
hoffman hoffmann
hoffman hoffman
chung chung
juniors juniors
oman oman
renewal renouveau
renewal renouvellement
flank flanc
okinawa okinawa
helmet casques
helmet casque
straw paille
straw pailles
downstream aval
tens rte
tens dizaines
steele steele
goodman goodman
nutrition nutrition
nutrition alimentation
havana havane
messenger messenger
messenger messager
messenger coursier
robbery cambriolage
robbery braquage
unusually exceptionnellement
unusually inhabituellement
ducks canards
castile castille
bowler bowler
huang huang
proposing proposer
proposing proposant
packaging conditionnements
packaging emballages
packaging emballage
packaging conditionnement
int int
apology excuses
apology apologie
apology excuse
trauma traumatisme
trauma trauma
trauma traumatique
trauma traumatismes
reyes reyes
whites blancs
laying pondeuses
extinction extinction
troll troll
troll trolls
divisional divisionnaire
pulling tirant
attribute attribuer
attribute attributs
attribute attribut
proto proto
proxy mandataire
proxy proxy
proxy procuration
coding codage
coding encodage
coding codification
canoe canot
gasoline essence
podcast podcast
bloc bloc
cpu processeurs
cpu cpu
cpu processeur
displaying affichant
tended tendaient
chord accord
chord corde
barrow brouette
barrow barrow
angus angus
leinster leinster
costumes costumes
domingo domingo
cowboy cowboys
cowboy cowboy
jew juif
qualifies qualifie
sculptors sculpteurs
koch koch
sts sts
bedroom chambre
grape raisin
airs airs
limerick limerick
khorasan khorasan
offspring descendance
marxist marxiste
aluminium aluminium
permits permis
tomatoes tomates
tomatoes tomate
savannah savannah
savannah savane
tapes bandes
tapes cassettes
tapes rubans
australians australiens
cola cola
crafts artisanat
irvine irvine
curator conservateur
curator curateur
curator conservatrice
rbi rbi
davenport davenport
receivers receveurs
accidental accidentels
accidental accidentel
accidental accidentelle
accidental accidentellement
marseille marseille
gibbs gibbs
rand rand
insect insectes
insect insecte
sergio sergio
combinations combinaisons
enzymes enzymes
awkward maladroit
awkward embarrassant
pressing pressage
pressing pressants
pressing pressant
dioxide dioxyde
encourages encourage
corrupt corrompue
corrupt corrompu
corrupt corrompus
donovan donovan
hogan hogan
logging abattage
logging journalisation
ole ole
conversations conversations
questioning questionner
questioning interrogatoire
questioning questionnement
gavin gavin
targeting ciblage
targeting cibler
ceylon ceylan
converts convertis
converts convertit
excavations fouilles
reuters reuters
hercules hercules
hercules hercule
devi devi
sheridan sheridan
unfair injuste
unfair injustes
pile pile
pile tas
muscles muscles
reptiles reptiles
samurai samurai
cassette cassette
stripes galons
stripes rayures
juice jus
juice juice
fierce farouche
hilton hilton
blu blu
giles giles
giles gilles
compelling convaincante
stomach ventre
stomach estomac
abusive abusive
abusive abusif
buttons boutons
gram mamy
gram gramme
gram gram
gram grammes
hinduism hindouisme
fortifications fortifications
reggae reggae
homosexual homosexuels
homosexual homosexuel
apprentice apprenti
apprentice apprentie
apprentice apprentis
hussein hussein
sells vend
pharmacy pharmacie
liability passif
cam cam
dinamo dinamo
sci sic
sci sci
contexts contextes
cannes cannes
willow willow
willow saule
willow osier
hbo hbo
starr starr
statutory statutaire
recruiting recruter
recruiting recrutements
recruiting recrutement
matched assorti
crashes accidents
pizza pizzas
pizza pizza
evan evan
rwanda rwanda
mls mls
avengers avengers
thornton thornton
exploitation exploitation
xml xml
colt colt
colt poulain
pulitzer pulitzer
integer entiers
integer entier
mistress maitresse
ethnicities ethnies
mortar mortier
mortar mortiers
plausible plausible
cop flic
cop policier
activation activation
lyric lyrique
cypriot chypriote
assumptions suppositions
assumptions postulats
ios ios
gale gale
dominic dominic
dominic dominique
nominal nominale
nominal nominal
bud bourgeons
bud bud
melissa melissa
skip saut
skip skip
skip ignorer
skip sauter
skip saute
invite inviter
invite invite
invite invitation
martinez martinez
affiliations affiliations
medina medina
arranger arrangeur
infinity infinity
infinity infini
corresponds correspond
bite mordant
bite morsure
bite mordre
nodes noeuds
nodes n≈ìuds
bavarian bavaroise
bavarian bavarois
marilyn marilyn
rumors rumeurs
rumors rumeur
neighbor voisine
neighbor voisin
suffix suffixe
fare tarif
ordering ordonner
campeonato campeonato
fuselage fuselage
capitalism capitalisme
harlem harlem
warwickshire warwickshire
delivering livrer
pigs cochons
pigs porcins
pigs porcs
centennial centenaire
rituals rituels
bolt bolt
bolt boulon
wakefield wakefield
automobiles automobiles
automobiles autos
damascus damas
listeners auditeurs
orioles orioles
hai hai
assignments affectations
porch porche
hymn hymne
indirect indirectes
indirect indirecte
indirect indirects
indirect indirect
indirect indirectement
uruguayan uruguayen
vhs vhs
sioux sioux
statesman statesman
detached individuelle
practicing pratiquant
practicing exercer
practicing pratiquer
chu chu
abs abs
banning bannissement
banning interdisant
sul sul
watt watt
kite kite
offence offense
offence infraction
sylvia sylvia
sylvia sylvie
dramas drames
shade ombre
shade ombrage
shade abat
shade teinte
marian marian
marian marianne
coastline littoral
clive clive
lamp lampe
camping camping
chips puces
chips chips
chips jetons
indicator indicateur
bloom fleurir
bloom floraison
bloom bloom
emil emile
emil emil
attorneys avocats
bruins bruins
malik malik
res res
res ser
cliffs falaises
caliber calibre
bordeaux bordeaux
concludes conclut
lowell lowell
marino marino
recognizes reconnait
kidney rein
kidney reins
uncertainty incertitudes
uncertainty incertitude
documentaries documentaires
teddy nounours
teddy teddy
omega omega
cheng cheng
denial refus
sunni sunnites
sunni sunnite
granting octroi
granting accordant
granting octroyer
neville neville
brush broussailles
brush brosse
brush pinceau
brush pinceaux
alain alain
mama mama
mama maman
ein ein
turbo turbo
pietro pietro
hydraulic hydraulique
hydraulic hydrauliques
apologies excuses
baxter baxter
addiction toxicomanie
addiction addiction
anders anders
solidarity solidaire
solidarity solidaires
maid servante
confluence confluence
confluence confluent
physiology physiologie
brake frein
brake freine
brake freinage
brake freiner
brake freins
loire loire
jacket manteau
jacket veste
jacket blouson
jacket gilet
jacket jaquette
spinning filature
brendan brendan
scarlet scarlet
explorers explorateurs
impacts impacts
dante dante
gerry gerry
granada grenade
granada granada
royalty redevance
royalty redevances
ins ins
boulder boulder
boulder rocher
inconsistent incompatible
amphibious amphibie
spears lances
spears spears
mariners mariners
mutant mutant
mutant mutants
oracle oracle
slim slim
slim mince
slim minces
explanations explications
transformers transformateurs
evelyn evelyn
evelyn evelyne
profiles profils
beethoven beethoven
usgs usgs
parole conditionnelle
constraints contraintes
notification notification
vein veine
frankie frankie
terra terra
bahamas bahamas
kappa kappa
potato patate
impose imposer
impose imposent
acc acc
acc cac
kathleen kathleen
unconscious inconscient
unconscious inconscience
unconscious inconscients
unconscious inconsciente
endless infinie
endless interminable
endless interminables
endless infini
absurd absurde
absurd absurdes
apex apex
lil lil
zur zur
suits costumes
suits combinaisons
lagos lagos
quotation cotation
quotation citation
quotation devis
truman truman
ashton ashton
yields rendements
taliban talibans
taliban taliban
concise concis
concise concises
concise concision
concise concise
remarked remarqua
olga olga
prostitution prostitution
flyers flyers
flyers circulaires
prestige prestige
contractor entrepreneur
contractor contractant
xiv xive
xiv xiv
bubble bulle
bubble bubble
bubble bulles
mauritius maurice
incoming entrants
incoming entrant
panzer panzer
convenient commodes
convenient commode
convenient pratique
wines vins
directorate direction
approve approuve
approve approuvent
approve approuver
gifted talentueuse
gifted talentueux
wilmington wilmington
tempo tempo
dexter dexter
upstream amont
islanders insulaires
perennial vivaces
perennial vivace
kerman kerman
rai rai
fulfill accomplir
api api
hatch trappe
hatch hatch
unionist syndicaliste
unionist unioniste
unfortunate malheureux
unfortunate regrettable
unfortunate malheureuse
snakes serpents
nile nil
duel duel
duel duels
bern berne
daisy marguerite
daisy daisy
authentic authentiques
authentic authentique
attachment fixation
attachment attachement
xvi xvi
xvi xvie
lawson lawson
rupert rupert
mccartney mccartney
cord cordon
cord cordons
exclude exclure
cobra cobra
intimate intimiste
intimate intimes
intimate intime
soils sols
plots placettes
plots parcelles
holstein holstein
investor investisseurs
investor investisseur
huntington huntington
neighbours voisines
neighbours voisins
barons barons
enrique enrique
roth roth
psychologist psychologues
psychologist psychologue
kaiser kaiser
darling darling
judiciary judiciaire
judiciary magistrature
vicente vicente
streaming streaming
jeanne jeanne
converting conversion
converting convertissant
klaus klaus
anarchist anarchistes
anarchist anarchiste
oxide oxydes
oxide oxyde
removes supprime
overlooking surplombant
occupies occupe
stella stella
dose doses
dose posologie
dose dose
zombie zombie
zombie zombies
canadians canadiennes
canadians canadiens
liberia liberia
blackpool blackpool
offline offline
norris norris
serbs serbes
harp harpe
rental location
botanist botaniste
fried frit
fried friture
fried frite
alexandre alexandre
concentrations concentrations
markings marquages
verdict verdict
cyril cyril
cyril cyrille
mnm mnm
hertfordshire hertfordshire
aces as
shropshire shropshire
compulsory obligatoire
compulsory obligatoires
woo woo
bonnie bonnie
crack fissure
crack crack
incarnation incarnation
oldham oldham
liam liam
positively positivement
mgm mgm
everett everett
quincy quincy
firmly fermement
firmly solidement
utrecht utrecht
volcanoes volcans
britannica britannica
amendments amendements
humphrey humphrey
bust buste
fitting raccord
fitting essayage
discrete discret
discrete discrets
peterborough peterborough
zurich zurich
deliveries livraisons
deliveries accouchements
lumpur lumpur
wolfe wolfe
drill foreuse
drill perceuse
drill foret
exotic exotiques
exotic exotique
teenagers adolescentes
teenagers adolescents
teenagers ados
sauce sauce
probation probation
archie archie
javier javier
exports exportations
exports exportation
cartridge cartouche
cartridge cartouches
clifton clifton
nagar nagar
deluxe luxe
deluxe deluxe
commando commando
deportivo deportivo
feeds nourrit
optimal optimal
optimal optimum
optimal optimale
rhythmic rythmique
kernel amande
kernel noyau
springer springer
bans interdictions
tragic tragique
tragic tragiques
conditional conditionnel
conditional conditionnels
conditional conditionnelle
ind ind
gaa gaa
usb usb
belize belize
pools pools
pools piscines
markers marqueurs
kenyan kenyan
archibald archibald
lava lave
lava laves
victorious victorieuse
victorious victorieux
promo promo
protocols protocoles
asserts affirme
esther esther
peel peel
heidelberg heidelberg
chooses choisit
groove groove
groove sillon
lantern lantern
lantern lanterne
lantern lanternes
savoy savoie
savoy savoy
saunders saunders
facial faciale
facial visage
facial facial
confrontation affrontements
confrontation confrontation
confrontation confrontations
confrontation affrontement
ladder echelle
thief voleuse
thief voleur
guyana guyane
guyana guyana
vanessa vanessa
halloween halloween
sentiment sentiment
appointments nominations
levi levi
rodgers rodgers
homestead homestead
plc plc
sainte sainte
pune pune
sarajevo sarajevo
announcing annoncer
dinosaurs dinosaures
dinosaurs dinosaure
dominance dominante
dominance domination
dominance dominance
laugh rigole
laugh rire
laugh riez
lars lars
viktor viktor
sandwich sandwichs
sandwich sandwich
apparatus appareil
apparatus appareillage
pornography pornographie
pornography pornographique
toulouse toulouse
tap appuyez
tap touchez
tap tap
tap robinet
incredibly incroyablement
alarm alarmes
alarm alerte
alarm alarme
cruisers croiseurs
rover rover
exams examens
shelley shelley
intervals intervalles
nichols nichols
induction induction
trombone trombone
airplay airplay
edison edison
magnet aimant
magnet aimants
martyrs martyrs
suffers souffre
captive captif
captive captive
captive captifs
captive captives
codex codex
wool laine
exciting excitant
exciting passionnant
exciting excitante
exciting palpitant
majors majors
majors majeures
majors majeurs
vowels voyelles
seller vendeur
platoon peloton
dia dia
fog brume
fog brouillard
honorable honorable
honorable honorables
cornish cornish
cornish cornouailles
triangular triangulaires
triangular triangulaire
yuri yuri
yuri youri
hiroshima hiroshima
wash lavage
wash wash
wash laver
freddie freddie
freddie freddy
nationale nationale
signatures signatures
treason trahison
persia perse
wilkinson wilkinson
glaciers glaciers
leaning penchant
recognise reconnais
recognise reconnaissent
ballads ballades
pillars piliers
turret tourelle
reginald renaud
reginald reginald
doubts doute
doubts doutes
zhu zhu
owens owens
guggenheim guggenheim
hector hector
lounge lounge
lounge salon
tara tara
curry curry
goat bouc
nightmare cauchemars
nightmare cauchemar
burst rafale
yokohama yokohama
behaviors comportements
illusion illusoire
illusion illusion
illusion illusions
wta wta
electro electro
teens adolescents
teens ados
romanesque romane
shake agiter
shake secouer
shake serrer
shake shake
elias elias
pseudo pseudo
alba alba
bluff bluffer
bluff bluff
anxiety angoisse
anxiety anxieux
zhao zhao
rogue rogue
rogue voyou
rogue coquin
barney barney
sikh sikh
sikh sikhs
suffrage suffrage
feathers plumes
richie richie
marathi marathi
habits habitudes
extraction extraction
courtyard cour
turf pelouse
turf gazon
desirable souhaitable
desirable souhaitables
expo expo
bhutan bhoutan
esp esp
exchanges echanges
whip fouet
whip fouette
whip fouetter
farewell adieu
farewell adieux
cardiac cardiaques
cardiac cardiaque
sensible raisonnable
smiles sourire
smiles sourires
sympathetic compatissant
sympathetic sympathique
cousins cousins
cousins cousines
terrorists terroristes
heinz heinz
zen zen
remixes remix
remixes remixes
axe hache
axe haches
axe axe
flour farine
flour farines
jade jade
insane dingue
insane fou
insane folle
pose poser
pose pose
pose poses
pose posent
fry fry
fry frire
fry frite
ida aid
ida ida
goose oie
goose oies
scientology scientologie
chiang chiang
dom dom
pact pact
pact pacte
garbage ordures
garbage poubelle
regency regency
fulton fulton
sixteenth xvie
