#the #le
#the #the
#the #la
#the #les
aaron aaron
abbey abbaye
abc abc
ability capacité
ability aptitude
abroad etranger
absence absence
abu abu
abu abou
abuse sévices
abuse abus
abuse abuser
abuse maltraitance
accept accepte
accept accepter
accept acceptent
accept acceptez
accident accident
accompanied accompagné
accompanied accompagnée
accompanied accompagnées
accompanied accompagnés
accounts comptes
accused accusés
accused inculpé
accused accusé
accused accusée
achieve réaliser
achieved atteint
acoustic acoustiques
acoustic acoustique
act agir
act loi
act acte
act act
acted agi
action action
active active
active actif
active actives
active actifs
actively activement
activist militant
activist militante
activist activiste
activists militants
activists activistes
activities activités
actor comédien
actor acteur
actors acteurs
actors comédiens
actress comédienne
actress actrice
actresses actrices
actual réelle
adam adam
addressed adressé
addressed adressée
addresses adresses
addresses allocutions
adds ajouts
adds ajoute
adelaide adélaïde
adelaide adelaide
admin admin
admin administrateur
admitted admise
admitted avoué
admitted admis
admitted admises
advance advance
advance avancée
advance avance
advanced avancés
advanced avancées
advanced avancé
advanced perfectionné
advanced avancée
adventures aventures
advisory consultatif
affect affecter
affect affectent
afghanistan afghanistan
after apres
after after
after après
after aprés
again again
again encore
against contre
against against
aged vieilli
agencies organismes
agencies agences
agency agence
ages âges
aid aides
aid aide
aim aim
aim viser
aires aires
airports aéroports
aka alias
aka aka
alaska alaska
albanian albanaise
albanian albanais
albert albert
ali ali
align aligner
align alignement
alive vivante
alive vivants
alive vivant
alive vivantes
alive alive
all toute
all toutes
all tous
all tout
all all
allan allan
alleged présumés
alleged prétendument
alleged prétendue
alleged présumé
alleged présumée
alleged prétendu
alliance alliance
alliance alliances
allies alliés
allowed autorisé
allowed autorisés
allowed autorisées
almost presque
almost quasi
almost pratiquement
almost quasiment
alone seul
alone seuls
alone seule
alpha alpha
also également
also aussi
also egalement
alumni anciens
amazon amazones
amazon amazonie
amazon amazon
amazon amazone
ambassador ambassadeur
ambassador ambassadrice
amount montant
amsterdam amsterdam
ancient antiquité
ancient anciens
ancient ancien
ancient ancienne
anderson anderson
andrew andrew
andrew andré
angel ange
angel angélique
angel angel
angel anges
angeles angeles
ani ani
anna anna
annual annuelle
annual annuels
annual annuel
annually annuellement
anti anti
antonio antonio
anyone quiconque
apartment appartement
appeal pourvoi
appeal appel
appear apparaître
appear apparaissent
appearance apparence
appearance apparition
appearance aspect
applications applications
applications demandes
appreciate apprécier
appreciate apprécie
approaches approches
approved approuvé
approved approuvée
approved approuvés
approved agréée
approved approuvées
approved agréé
arab arabe
arab arabes
arbcom arbcom
arbitration arbitrage
arbitration arbitrages
archbishop archevêque
architectural architecturaux
architectural architectural
archived archivées
archived archivé
archived archivés
arena arena
arena aréna
arena arène
arm bras
arm arm
armenian arménienne
armenian arménien
armenian arméniens
arnold arnold
arrangement arrangement
arrest arrestation
arrest arrestations
arrival arrivée
arrival arriver
arrival arrivées
arrived arrivés
arrived arrivé
art art
art artistique
artillery artillerie
artwork oeuvres
artwork artwork
asking demandant
aspects aspects
aspx aspx
assault agression
assault assaut
assault agressions
assets actif
assets actifs
associated associée
associated associées
association association
assuming supposer
assuming supposant
athletic athlétique
athletic athlétisme
athletics athlétisme
atlantic atlantique
attacking attaquant
attacking attaquer
attempt tenter
attempt tentative
attempted essayé
attempted tentatives
attempted tentée
attempted tenté
attempted tentative
attempts tentatives
attend assister
attention attention
attributed attribuées
attributed attribué
attributed attribués
attributed attribuée
auckland auckland
august aout
august août
australia australie
australian australienne
australian australiens
australian australien
australian australie
authorities autorités
authority autorité
authors auteurs
autumn automne
average moyen
average moyennes
average moyenne
avg avg
aviation aviation
aviation aéronautique
avoid éviter
avoid évite
avoid eviter
avoid évitez
award récompense
awarded décerné
awarded attribué
awarded récompensé
awarded décernés
awareness conscience
awareness notoriété
azerbaijan azerbaïdjan
baby bébé
baby baby
back dos
back arrière
back retour
back revenir
ballet ballet
bank banques
bank banque
banking banques
banking banque
banking bancaire
baptist baptiste
bar barreau
bar bar
bar barre
barcelona barcelone
barcelona barcelona
baron baron
barry barry
bars bars
bars barres
baseball baseball
bases bases
bases fondements
basically essentiellement
basically fondamentalement
basis base
basis fondement
bath bains
bath baignoire
bath bain
bath bath
bbc bbc
beam poutre
beam rayon
beam faisceau
bears bears
bears ours
bears oursons
becomes devient
beer bières
beer biere
beer bière
begin commencez
begin commencer
begins débute
begins commence
begun commencé
begun commencée
behavior comportement
being etre
being être
belgian belge
belgian belges
beliefs croyances
beliefs croyance
belonged appartenait
belonged appartenaient
belonged appartenu
below dessous
belt courroie
belt ceinture
belt belt
ben ben
benjamin benjamin
berlin berlin
best meilleure
best meilleures
best meilleur
best best
best meilleurs
better meilleures
better meilleure
better mieux
better meilleurs
better meilleur
bid bid
bid enchère
billion billion
billion milliard
billion milliards
bin bin
bin poubelle
bio bio
bio biographie
biological biologiques
biological biologique
biology biologie
birthday anniversaire
birthday anniversaires
bishop évêques
bishop évêque
bishop bishop
bit bit
bit bits
black noire
black black
black noires
black noir
black noirs
block bloquer
block block
block bloc
block blocage
blogspot blogspot
blue bleu
blue bleus
blue bleue
blue bleues
blues blues
blues cafard
blues bleus
blues bleues
body organisme
body carrosserie
body organe
body corps
bombing bombardement
bombing bombardements
bombing attentat
bond cautionnement
bond caution
bond bond
bone osseuse
bone osseux
bone os
bone bone
book livre
book réserver
borders bordures
borders bordure
borders frontières
borough arrondissement
borough borough
bosnia bosnie
boss boss
boss patron
boss patronne
both both
bottom fond
bought achetées
bought achetée
bought achetés
bought acheté
bound lié
boundaries frontières
boundaries limites
bowl gamelle
bowl cuvette
bowl bol
boxes boîtes
boxes cartons
boxes boites
boxes coffrets
boxing boxe
branches branches
branches succursales
brands marques
brazilian brésilien
brazilian brésilienne
brazilian brésiliens
brazilian brésiliennes
break break
break pause
break rupture
break briser
brian brian
bridges passerelles
bridges ponts
briefly brièvement
brigade brigade
bringing apportant
brisbane brisbane
broadcast diffusion
broadcast radiodiffusion
broadcast diffuser
bronze bronze
brother frangin
brother frère
brother frere
brothers freres
brothers frères
brothers brothers
brown brown
brown marron
brown bruns
brown brun
brown brunes
brown brune
brunswick brunswick
bryan bryan
buddhist bouddhisme
buddhist bouddhiste
buddhist bouddhistes
build bâtir
build construire
building batiment
building immeuble
building bâtiment
bulgarian bulgare
bulgarian bulgares
burial enfouissement
burial inhumation
burial enterrement
burning brûlant
burning brûlure
burning gravure
burning brûler
bush brousse
bush bush
bush buissons
bush buisson
business affaires
business entreprise
business entreprises
businesses entreprises
but mais
butler butler
butler majordome
button button
button boutons
button bouton
byzantine byzantin
byzantine byzantine
cable câbles
cable cable
cable câble
calculated calculées
calculated calculé
calculated calculés
calculated calculée
calendar calendriers
calendar agenda
calendar calendrier
california californie
california californienne
call appeler
call appelez
call appel
call appelle
called appelée
called appelé
called appelés
cambridge cambridge
camera appareil
camera caméra
campus campus
can peuvent
can pouvez
can peux
can peut
canadian canadiens
canadian canadienne
canadian canadien
canal canal
cancelled annulée
cancelled annulé
cancelled annulés
cap casquette
cap pac
cap cap
cap capuchon
capacity capacité
capacity capacités
caption légende
capture capturer
capture capture
capture capter
carbon carbone
cardinals cardinaux
cards cartes
cargo cargaison
cargo fret
case cas
case étui
case affaire
cases cas
castle château
castle chateau
catherine catherine
catholic catholique
catholic catholiques
caught attrapée
caught pris
caught attrapé
caught capturé
caught capturés
causing causant
cavalry cavalerie
cave caverne
cave grotte
cave cave
cbs cbs
celebrated célébré
celebrated célébrée
celebrated fêté
celebration célébrations
celebration célébration
celebrity célébrités
celebrity célébrité
cells cellules
cemetery cimetière
census recensements
census recensement
center center
center centrer
center centre
central central
central centrale
century siecle
century siècle
century century
cgi cgi
chain enchaîner
chain chaîne
chain chaine
chair chaise
chair président
chair présidence
chair fauteuil
champions champions
championships championnats
chancellor chancelier
chancellor chancelière
changes modifications
changes changements
charge charge
charles charles
chart graphique
chart diagramme
charter affrètement
charter charter
charter charte
charter chartes
charts graphiques
charts diagrammes
check cocher
check chèque
check vérifiez
check vérifier
chemistry chimie
chess échecs
chess echec
chicago chicago
chief chef
chiefs chefs
childhood enfance
chinese chinois
chinese chinoise
choice choix
chorus chœurs
chorus refrain
chorus choeur
chorus chœur
chose choisit
chose choisi
chosen choisi
chosen choisis
chosen choisie
chris chris
chris christophe
christians chrétiens
christopher christopher
christopher christophe
church église
church eglise
churches églises
churches eglises
cincinnati cincinnati
citation citation
cited citées
cited cités
cited citée
citing citant
claiming revendication
claiming réclamer
claiming affirmant
claiming prétendant
claiming revendiquer
class classe
classical classique
classical classiques
classification classement
classification classification
clean propre
clean nettoient
clean nettoyer
cleanup nettoyage
clear limpide
clear clair
clear effacer
cleveland cleveland
climate climat
clothing habillement
clothing vêtements
clothing vêtement
club club
clubs discothèques
clubs clubs
coach coach
coach entraineur
coach entraîneur
coaching accompagnement
coaching coaching
coaching entraîneurs
coast côte
code code
coffee café
cold rhume
cold froide
cold froid
cold froids
collaboration collaboration
collaboration collaboratif
collection ramassage
collection recouvrement
collection recueil
collection collection
collection collecte
college collège
college université
colleges collèges
colonel colonel
colonies colonies
colony colonie
colours colorants
colours coloris
colours couleurs
colours teintes
column colonne
column chronique
column colonnes
com ocm
com com
combined combiné
combined combinée
combined combinées
combined combinés
come viens
come venez
come come
come venir
comedy comédie
comedy comique
comics comics
comics bd
comment commentaire
comment commente
comment commenter
comments commentaires
comments remarques
comments observations
commercial commercial
commercial commerciaux
commercial commerciales
commercial commerciale
commission commission
commissioned commandé
commissioned commandée
commissioned commandées
common commune
common fréquent
common fréquents
common commun
communication communication
communities communautés
communities collectivités
compared comparés
compared comparé
compete rivaliser
compete concourir
competing concurrentes
competing rivaliser
compilation compilation
compilation recueil
completed complété
completed terminée
completed achevés
completed achevé
completed terminées
completed terminé
completely complètement
completely complétement
completely entièrement
completely totalement
completely completement
composed composée
composed composées
composed composé
composer compositeur
composer compositrice
composition composition
computing informatique
con con
concepts notions
concepts concepts
concerned préoccupé
concerned préoccupée
concerned concerné
concerned concernés
concerns inquiétudes
concerns préoccupations
concluded conclu
concluded conclue
concluded conclus
conclusion conclusion
concrete concret
concrete concrètes
concrete béton
condition état
condition condition
conditions conditions
conductor conducteur
confederate confédérés
confederate confédéré
conference conférences
conference conférence
conflict conflits
conflict conflit
congo congolais
congo congo
connect connecter
connect connexion
connect connectez
connecting connecter
connecting raccordement
connecting reliant
connecting connexion
connections raccordements
connections connexions
consensus consensus
consideration considération
conspiracy complot
conspiracy complots
conspiracy conspiration
constant constante
constant constantes
constant constant
constant constants
constituencies circonscriptions
consumer consommateurs
consumer consommateur
contact contacter
contact contactez
contact contact
contact contacte
contain contiennent
contain contenir
contained contenues
contained contenaient
containing contenant
contains contient
contemporary contemporains
contemporary contemporain
contemporary contemporaine
context contexte
continue continuer
continue continue
continue continuons
continue continuez
continue poursuivre
contribute cotiser
contribute contribuer
contributed contribué
contribution contribution
contribution cotisation
contributor collaborateur
contributor contributeur
contributor contributeurs
contributors collaborateurs
contributors contributeurs
controls contrôles
controls commandes
controversy controverse
controversy polémique
controversy controverses
cook cuisiner
cook cuisinier
cook cuire
cook cook
cook cuisinière
copper cuivre
copy copiez
copy exemplaire
copy copier
copy copie
copyright copyright
correct exact
correct corriger
correct corrigez
correct correct
correct correcte
cotton coton
count compter
count compte
count comte
counties comtés
counts comtes
county comté
couples couples
court tribunal
court cour
courts tribunaux
courts juridictions
cousin cousin
cousin cousine
cover couvercle
cover couverture
cover couvrir
cover housse
craig craig
crash plantage
crash accident
crash crash
crash krach
created créée
created créé
created crée
created crées
created créés
creates crée
creator créatrice
creator créateur
credit crédit
crew équipage
crew équipages
crisis crise
critical critique
critical critiques
criticized critiquée
criticized critiqué
criticized critiqués
crowd foule
cuba cuba
cuban cubain
cuban cubaine
cuban cubains
cuban cubaines
cultural culturels
cultural culturelle
cultural culturel
cultures cultures
custom personnalisé
custom personnalisée
custom personnalisés
custom coutume
cycling vélo
cycling cyclisme
daily quotidien
daily quotidiens
daily journalier
daily quotidienne
dam dam
dam barrage
dam digue
damaged endommagé
damaged endommagées
damaged endommagés
damaged abîmés
damaged abîmé
damaged endommagée
dame dame
dan dan
danger danger
daniel daniel
danish danoises
danish danois
danish danoise
das das
daughter fille
dave dave
david alain
david laurent
david sylvie
david david
davies davies
davis davis
deal aubaine
deaths morts
deaths décès
debut débuts
dec dec
dec déc
decide décider
decide décide
decide décident
decide décidez
decides décide
deck pont
dedicated dédiée
dedicated dévoué
dedicated dédié
dedicated dédiés
dedicated dévouée
defeat défaite
defeat défaites
defeat vaincre
defence défense
defensive défensives
defensive défensive
defensive défensif
definitely assurément
definitely certainement
definitely définitivement
definition définition
definition définitions
defunct défunte
defunct défunt
degree diplôme
degree degré
deleted supprimé
deleted supprimée
deleted effacé
deleted supprimés
deleted supprimées
deleting effacement
deleting supprimant
deleting suppression
delta delta
demand exiger
demands exigences
democrat démocrates
democrat démocrate
democrats démocrates
democrats démocrate
demographics démographiques
demographics démographie
demolished démolis
demolished démoli
demolished démolie
demonstrate démontrer
demonstrated démontré
demonstrated démontrée
demonstrated montré
denied refusées
denied refusé
denied refusée
dennis dennis
dennis denis
density densités
density densité
departure départ
departure depart
departure départs
dependent dépendant
dependent dépendantes
dependent dépendante
dependent dépendants
deployed déployé
deployed déployées
deployed déployés
deployed déployée
depression dépressions
depression dépression
depth profondeur
depth profondeurs
describes décrit
design dessin
design design
design conception
designated désignée
designated désignés
designated désigné
designated désignées
destroy détruisez
destroy anéantir
destroy détruire
device appareil
device dispositif
device périphérique
devil démon
devil devil
devil diable
dialogue dialogue
dialogue dialogues
dialogue dialoguer
diameter diamètre
diameter diamètres
diamond losange
diamond diamond
diamond diamant
diamond diamants
dick bite
dick dick
dictionary dictionnaire
dictionary dictionnaires
die die
die crève
die mourir
die meurs
died morte
died décédé
died mort
dies meurt
dies décède
dies meurent
diff différence
diff diff
difficult difficiles
difficult difficile
digital numérique
digital numériques
digital digital
diocese diocèse
diplomatic diplomates
diplomatic diplomatique
diplomatic diplomate
diplomatic diplomatiques
directed dirigé
directed réalisé
directed orienté
disambiguation homonymie
disaster sinistre
disaster désastre
disaster catastrophe
disaster catastrophes
disc disque
discover découvrez
discover découverte
discover découvrir
discussions discussions
disease maladie
disease maladies
disney disney
display afficher
display affichage
display affiche
displayed affichée
displayed affiché
displayed affichées
displayed affichés
disputes contentieux
disputes litiges
disputes conflits
disputes différends
disruptive perturbateur
disruptive perturbant
disruptive perturbateurs
distance distance
distance éloignement
distance distances
distinct distinctes
distinct distinct
distinct distincte
distinct distincts
distinguished distinguées
distinguished distingués
distinguished distinguée
distinguished distingué
distributed distribué
distributed distribués
distributed distribuée
distributed distribuées
distribution répartition
distribution distribution
districts districts
districts arrondissements
districts quartiers
divided divisé
divided divisée
divided divisées
divided divisés
division division
division circonscription
divisions divisions
dna adn
doc doc
doc toubib
doctors docteurs
doctors médecins
documentary documentaire
documentary documentaires
documented documenté
documented documentés
documented documentées
documented documentée
dog chiens
dog chien
dog chienne
doing faisant
doing faire
dollars dollars
domestic domestiques
domestic domestique
dominated dominée
dominated dominés
dominated dominé
dominated dominées
don don
done fait
done faite
doors portes
double doubler
double double
double doubles
doubles doubles
douglas douglas
dozen douzaines
dozen dizaine
dozen dizaines
dozen douzaine
draft brouillons
draft draft
draft brouillon
drafted rédigée
drafted rédigé
dramatic spectaculaire
dramatic dramatique
dramatic dramatiques
draw tirage
draw dessine
draw dessiner
drawing dessin
drawing tirage
drawing dessiner
drawn dessiné
dream reve
dream rêves
dream dream
dream rêver
dream rêve
drinking boire
drinking boisson
drinking potable
drive lecteur
drive conduire
driven conduit
drop goutte
drop drop
drum batterie
drum tambour
drum fût
drummer batteur
drums batterie
drums tambours
drums fûts
dry sèche
dry sèches
dry sec
dry secs
dry sécher
duke duke
duke duc
dutch hollandaise
dutch néerlandaise
dutch néerlandais
dutch hollandais
dvd dvd
dyk dyk
early early
early précoce
early tôt
earning gagner
earth earth
earth terre
east orientale
east est
east orient
easy facile
easy faciles
easy easy
easy facilité
economy économie
economy economique
economy economie
edit modifier
edit édition
edit éditer
edition edition
edition édition
editions éditions
editorial éditorial
editorial rédaction
education enseignement
education éducation
educational éducatif
edward edward
edward édouard
effect effets
effect effet
effective efficace
effective efficaces
effects effets
efficient efficace
efficient efficaces
effort effort
efforts efforts
eggs œufs
eggs oeufs
egypt égypte
egypt egypte
egyptian égyptiens
egyptian égyptienne
egyptian égyptien
either soit
eldest aîné
elections élections
elections elections
electrical électrique
electrical electrique
electronics electronique
electronics électronique
elementary primaire
elementary élémentaire
elementary élémentaires
elevation altitude
elevation élévation
eligible admissible
eligible éligible
eligible éligibles
eligible admissibles
eliminated éliminée
eliminated éliminés
eliminated éliminées
eliminated éliminé
elsewhere ailleurs
emotional émotif
emotional émotionnelle
emotional émotions
emotional affectif
emotional émotionnel
emperor empereur
emperor empereurs
empty vides
empty vider
empty vide
encourage encourager
encouraged encouragées
encouraged encouragée
encouraged encouragés
encouraged encouragé
encyclopedia encyclopédie
end end
end fin
endemic endémique
endemic endémiques
ends ends
ends extrémités
engine moteur
engineering ingénierie
engineering génie
ensemble ensemble
entered entré
entered entrés
enters pénètre
entity entité
entry entrée
environment environnement
episcopal épiscopale
episode épisode
episode episode
episodes épisodes
equivalent équivalentes
equivalent équivalente
equivalent équivalents
equivalent équivalent
era eer
era era
era époque
erected érigée
erected érigés
erected érigées
erected érigé
error error
error erreur
error erreurs
errors fautes
errors erreurs
essays essais
essex essex
established établies
established établie
established établi
established établis
estimated estimées
estimated estimée
estimated estimations
estimated estimé
estimated estimation
europe europe
evening soirée
evening soir
every chaque
evidence preuve
evidence preuves
evolution evolution
evolution évolution
exact exacte
exact exactement
exact exact
exact exactes
exactly exactement
excellence excellence
excellent excellents
excellent excellente
excellent excellent
exclusive exclusives
exclusive exclusive
exclusive exclusivité
exclusive exclusifs
exclusive exclusif
exclusively exclusivement
exhibition expositions
exhibition exposition
existed existait
existed existé
existed existaient
existence existence
expatriates expatriés
expected attendus
expected escompté
expected attendue
expected attendu
expedition expédition
expedition expedition
expert expert
experts experts
explains explique
explicitly explicitement
explicitly expressément
expressed exprimée
expressed exprimées
expressed exprimé
expressed exprimés
expression expression
extend étendre
extend prolonger
extended prolongée
extended étendu
extended prolongé
extended prolongés
extended étendue
extensive extensive
extent étendue
extinct éteinte
extinct éteint
extinct éteints
extra supplémentaires
extra supplémentaire
extra extra
extreme extrême
extreme extrêmes
extreme extreme
face visage
face face
facebook facebook
faces faces
faces visages
facilities équipements
facilities installations
facility facilité
factors facteurs
factory fabrique
factory usine
faculty professeurs
faculty faculté
failing échouer
failure échec
failure défaillance
falling tomber
falling chute
falling tombant
falls chutes
falls tombe
falls falls
fan ventilateur
fan fan
fan éventail
fan ventilateurs
fan adepte
fans fans
fans ventilateurs
fans adeptes
fantasy imaginaire
fantasy fantasy
fantasy fantasme
fantasy fantaisie
farmer agriculteur
farmer paysan
farmer fermier
fast rapide
fast rapidement
fast vite
fast rapidité
fast rapides
fauna faune
favor faveur
favorite préféré
favorite préférée
favorite favori
favorite favoris
favorite préférés
favour faveur
fear peur
fear fear
fear crainte
fear craintes
featured vedette
featured recommandés
featured vedettes
features caractéristiques
features fonctions
features fonctionnalités
february fevrier
february février
fee honoraires
fee redevance
feed nourrir
feed fil
feel sentir
feel ressentir
feelings sentiments
feet pieds
fellows boursiers
felt sentis
felt feutre
felt senti
felt ressenti
female femelle
female femelles
female féminin
female femmes
female femme
fields domaines
fields champs
fifa fifa
fifty cinquante
fifty fifty
figure chiffre
figure figure
figures chiffres
file dossier
file fichier
filled remplies
filled remplis
filled remplie
filled rempli
filming tournages
filming tournage
filming filmer
films films
finally enfin
finally finalement
finals finale
finals finals
finals finales
finance financement
finance finances
finance finance
finding trouver
fine fine
fine amende
finish finis
finish finir
finish terminer
finish termine
finished fini
finished terminée
finished finis
finished terminé
fire feu
fire incendie
fire incendies
fisher fisher
fisher pêcheur
fitted équipée
fitted équipé
fled enfui
fled fuit
fled fui
fleet flotte
flight vol
flights vols
flora flora
flora flore
flows flux
fly vole
fly voler
fly mouches
fly mouche
focus focus
focus concentrer
follow suivre
follow suivez
follow suivi
football football
foreign étranger
foreign etranger
foreign étrangère
foreign étrangères
formally officiellement
formally formellement
former ancien
former ancienne
forms formes
forms formulaires
fortress forteresses
fortress forteresse
forum forum
forward forward
founded fondé
founded fondée
founding fondatrice
fox renard
fox fox
fox renards
franchise franchise
franchise franchises
franchise franchisé
franchise franchisés
frank franck
frank frank
freely librement
friday vendredi
friend ami
friend amie
friend amis
friendship amitié
friendship amitiés
fruit fruitières
fruit fruits
fuel combustible
fuel carburant
function fonctions
function fonction
functional fonctionnels
functional fonctionnelle
functional fonctionnel
functions fonctions
fund fonds
fundamental fondamentale
fundamental fondamental
fundamental fondamentaux
funding financement
funeral funérailles
funeral obsèques
funeral funéraire
funeral enterrement
gain gain
gallery galerie
gallery gallerie
gallery gallery
gallery galeries
games jeux
gate gate
gate porte
gates portails
gates vannes
gates gates
gates portes
gear engrenage
gear engins
gene gènes
gene gène
gene gene
general généraux
general généralités
general générale
general général
generals généraux
generation génération
generation générations
generic génériques
generic générique
german allemand
german allemands
german allemande
gets obtient
ghost ghost
ghost fantôme
ghost fantômes
girls filles
given donné
given donnés
glass vitre
glass verre
glass verres
globe globe
gmina gmina
goal objectif
goal but
goalkeeper gardien
gold doré
gold or
gold gold
golden dorée
golden golden
golden doré
gone partis
gone parti
gone gone
good bons
good bien
good bonne
good bon
good bonnes
gospel évangile
gospel évangélique
gospel evangile
governors gouverneurs
grace grâces
grace grâce
grace grace
grades grades
graduated diplômée
graduated diplômé
graham graham
grammar grammaire
grant subvention
grant grant
granted accordées
granted accordé
granted octroyé
granted accordée
graphic graphiques
graphic graphique
graphics graphiques
graphics graphique
graphics graphismes
graphics infographie
graphics graphisme
grass pelouse
grass graminées
grass gazon
grass herbe
grave tombe
grave grave
great super
great grande
great génial
great grand
greece grece
greece grèce
green verte
green vert
green vertes
group groupe
guidelines directives
guitar guitare
guitar guitares
guys mecs
guys gars
had avait
had avaient
had avais
hair cheveu
hair cheveux
hair coiffure
hall hall
hamburg hambourg
hamburg hamburg
hand main
hand hand
handle manipuler
handle poignée
hans hans
harbor harbor
harris harris
harry harry
hart hart
harvard harvard
head head
head tête
head têtes
heading rubrique
headquarters siège
health sante
health santé
hear entendez
hear entendre
heard entendu
heard entendue
heard entendues
heard entendus
hearing audition
hearing audience
hearing ouïe
hearing entendre
heaven paradis
heaven heaven
heaven cieux
heaven ciel
heavily fortement
heavily lourdement
heavyweight heavyweight
heavyweight lourd
hebrew hébreu
hebrew hébreux
hebrew hébraïque
helen hélène
helen helen
helicopter hélico
helicopter hélicoptère
helicopter hélicoptères
helpful serviable
helpful utile
helpful utiles
helping aidant
helping aider
henry henri
henry henry
here ici
here voilà
here voici
hero héro
hero héros
hero hero
heroes héros
heroes heroes
higher supérieur
him lui
hip hip
hip hanches
hip branché
hip hanche
hispanic hispaniques
hispanic hispanique
historians historiens
hitler hitler
holding holding
holiday vacances
home maison
home domicile
home accueil
honour honneur
hook hook
hook hameçon
hook crochet
hop houblon
hop hop
horse chevaux
horse cheval
horse jument
hospital hopital
hospital hôpital
hospital hospitalisation
hospital hôpitaux
hot chaud
hot hot
hot chaude
hot sexy
hotel hôtel
hour heure
hours horaires
hours heures
household ménages
household ménage
howard howard
htm htm
http http
hudson hudson
hull hull
hull coque
hull coques
hundred hundred
hundred centaine
hundred cent
hunt hunt
hunt pourchasser
hunt chasser
hunt chasse
hunting chasser
hunting chasse
hurricane ouragans
hurricane ouragan
ibn ibn
ideal idéale
ideal ideal
ideal idéal
identical identique
identical identiques
identification identification
identify identifier
identity identité
iii iii
illinois illinois
images images
immediately immédiatement
immediately aussitôt
immigrants immigrants
immigrants immigrés
immigration immigration
imply impliquer
imply impliquent
imply insinuer
importance importance
impossible impossible
impossible impossibles
improve améliorez
improve améliore
improve améliorer
improved améliorés
improved améliorées
improved améliorée
improved amélioré
inc inc
incidents incidents
includes inclut
includes comprend
increases hausses
increases augmentations
increases augmente
increasing croissante
independence indépendance
independent indépendant
independent indépendante
independent indépendantes
independent indépendants
independently indépendamment
index index
index indice
indian indienne
indian indiens
indian indiennes
indian indien
indianapolis indianapolis
indonesia indonésie
indoor intérieure
indoor intérieur
influence influence
influence influencer
info info
info infos
inherited hérité
inherited héritée
inherited héréditaire
inherited héritées
initial initiale
initial initial
initial initiales
injured blessé
injured blessée
injured blessées
injured blessés
injured lésée
inn inn
innovation innovation
insects insectes
insects insecte
inspiration inspiration
inspired inspiré
inspired inspirées
inspired inspirés
inspired inspirée
installed installées
installed installé
installed installés
installed installée
instrument instrument
instruments instruments
insurance assurances
insurance assurance
intelligence renseignement
intelligence intelligence
intention intention
interest intérêts
interest intérêt
interesting intéressante
interesting intéressant
interesting intéressantes
interesting intéressants
internal internes
internal interne
internationally internationalement
intersection croisement
intersection intersection
intersection carrefour
interview entrevue
interview entretien
interview entrevues
interview interview
introduced introduit
introduced introduits
introduced introduites
invented inventés
invented inventée
invented inventé
involved impliqué
involved impliqués
involved impliquée
iowa iowa
ips ips
iranian iraniennes
iranian iranienne
iranian iranien
iraq irak
iraq iraq
iraqi irakiens
iraqi irakien
iraqi irakienne
ireland irlande
isaac isaac
islamic islamiste
islamic musulman
islamic islamique
island île
istanbul istanbul
jackson jackson
jacob jacob
jacques jacques
jan jan
jan yann
jane jane
jane jeanne
january janvier
japan japon
java java
jazz jazz
jean jean
jeff jeff
jerry jerry
jewish juives
jewish juif
jewish juifs
jewish juive
jews juifs
jobs emploi
jobs emplois
johann johann
john jean
john john
joining rejoindre
jonathan jonathan
jones jones
jordan jordanie
jordan jourdain
jordan jordanienne
jordan jordan
joseph joseph
journal revue
journal journal
journalists journalistes
journals revues
journey voyage
journey journey
journey parcours
jpg jpg
judge magistrat
judge juger
judge juge
julian julian
julian julien
july juillet
jump sauter
jump saute
jump jump
jump saut
jun juin
jun jun
jurisdiction compétence
jurisdiction juridiction
jury juré
jury jury
jury jurés
jury jurys
just just
just simplement
just juste
justice justice
justify justifier
justify justifie
justify justifient
karl karl
keith keith
kelly kelly
ken ken
kennedy kennedy
kent kent
kenya kenya
kevin kévin
kevin kevin
keyboards claviers
khan khan
kind aimable
king roi
king king
kingdom royaume
known connues
known connue
known connus
known connu
knows sait
knows connait
kong kong
lack manque
ladies mesdemoiselles
ladies mesdames
ladies dames
lady madame
lady dame
laid pondu
landing atterrissage
landing débarquement
landing landing
landing atterrir
landmark repère
landscape paysager
landscape paysage
landscape paysages
languages langues
lanka lanka
lap lap
lap giron
large grands
large grande
large grandes
large grand
las las
lasted duré
later ultérieur
lats lat
lats lats
launch lancement
launch lancements
launch lancer
launch lancez
laura laura
laura laure
lay lay
lead plomb
leader meneur
leader leader
leadership leadership
leads prospects
leaf feuille
leaf leaf
leaf feuilles
learned appris
learned apprise
learned apprises
leave congés
leave quitter
leave laisser
leave partir
leave congé
leaving quitter
leaving quittant
led led
leeds leeds
legislature législatif
legislature législateur
legislature législature
let let
lgbt lgbt
lgbt homosexualité
liberal libéral
liberal libérale
liberal libéraux
liberal libérales
license permis
license licences
license licence
lie mentir
lie mensonge
lie mensonges
light lumiere
light lumière
light légère
light léger
lights lumières
lights lumière
lights luminaires
like comme
like aime
like aiment
like genre
like aimez
likely probable
likely probablement
limit limite
limit limites
limit limiter
limits limite
limits limites
lincoln lincoln
line ligne
line line
linear linéaires
linear linéaire
lines lignes
link lien
liquid liquide
liquid liquides
lisa lisa
listed listés
listed listé
listed énumérés
listed répertoriés
lists listes
lives vies
lloyd lloyd
local locale
local local
local locales
local locaux
locally localement
located situés
located située
located localisé
located situé
lock écluse
lock serrure
lock verrouiller
lock verrou
locomotives locomotives
lodge lodge
log bûche
logo logo
logo logos
london londres
look regardez
look regarde
look regardes
looking regardant
losing perdant
losing perdre
loss perte
loss pertes
losses pertes
lost perdu
lost perdues
lost perdue
lost lost
lost perdus
louis louis
louise louise
love aime
love amour
love aimer
love love
lower abaisser
lower inférieur
lower inférieure
luck chance
luis luis
luke luke
luke luc
lyrics paroles
lyrics lyrique
mac mac
machine machine
made fait
made fabriqués
made faite
made fabriqué
magazine revue
magazine magazine
magazine magasine
magnetic magnétiques
magnetic magnétique
magnetic magnétisme
mainly principalement
mainly essentiellement
maintenance entretien
maintenance maintenance
major major
major commandant
major majeur
makeup maquillage
makeup makeup
makeup maquiller
malaysia malaisien
malaysia malaisie
male mâle
male masculin
male homme
males masculins
males mâles
males hommes
mall mall
malta malte
man man
man mec
man homme
manage gérer
management management
management gestion
manager gestionnaire
manager directeur
manager manager
manager directrice
manager gérant
managers directeurs
managers gestionnaires
managers dirigeants
managing gérer
manga manga
manga mangas
manhattan manhattan
manila manille
manitoba manitoba
manuel manuel
manuscript manuscrit
manuscript manuscrits
marc marc
margaret margaret
margaret marguerite
maritime maritimes
maritime maritime
mark marquer
mark marque
mark mark
marked marquées
marked marquée
marked marqué
marked marqués
market marché
marketing marketing
marketing commercialisation
markets marchés
marriage mariage
martin martín
martin martine
martin martin
marvel émerveillement
marvel merveille
marvel marvel
mason maçon
mason mason
mass masse
mass messe
massachusetts massachusetts
massacre massacrer
massacre massacre
massacre massacres
masters masters
masters capitaines
masters maîtres
matches matches
matches correspondances
matches matchs
matches allumettes
mathematical mathématique
mathematical mathématiques
mathematics mathématique
mathematics mathématiques
maximum maximale
maximum maximal
maximum maximales
maximum maximum
mayor bourgmestre
mayor maire
mayor maires
means moyens
means signifie
meant signifiait
mechanical mécanique
mechanical mécaniques
medal médaille
medal médailles
median médiane
median médian
medical médicaux
medical médicale
medical médical
medicine médecine
medicine médicament
mediterranean méditerranéen
mediterranean méditerranéenne
mediterranean méditerranée
meet rencontrez
meet rencontre
meet rencontrer
meeting rencontre
meeting réunion
member membres
member membre
membership membres
membership adhésion
memory souvenir
memory souvenirs
memory mémoire
mental mentale
mental mental
mercury mercury
mercury mercure
merged fusionnées
merged fusionnée
merged fusionnés
merged fusionné
merger fusion
merit mérites
merit mérite
message message
messages messages
met rencontrée
met rencontrées
met rencontré
met rencontrés
meters compteurs
meters mètres
method méthode
methods méthodes
metres mètres
metric métrique
metric métriques
metro métro
metro metro
mexican mexicaines
mexican mexicaine
mexican mexicains
mexican mexicain
mexico mexique
miami miami
michael alain
michael michael
michael michel
mid mid
middle middle
middle milieu
midfielder milieu
might pourrait
miguel miguel
mike mike
milan milan
mile mile
mill moulin
mill mill
mill laminoir
miller miller
miller meunier
minimum minimales
minimum minimum
minimum minimal
minimum minimale
minimum minimums
minister ministre
minority minoritaires
minority minorité
minority minoritaire
mirror miroir
mirror miroirs
miss mademoiselle
miss miss
miss melle
miss mlle
missile missiles
missile missile
mission mission
missions missions
mississippi mississippi
missouri missouri
mistake erreur
mix mix
mix mélanger
mix mélange
mix mixage
mixed mélangé
mixed mixtes
mixed mélangés
mixed mixte
mlb mlb
mobile mobile
mobile portable
model modele
model modèle
model mannequin
model maquette
modern modernité
modern moderne
modern modernes
modify modifiez
modify modifier
moment moment
moment instant
mon mon
mon lun
monday lundi
monitored surveillés
monitored surveillée
monitored surveillé
monster monstrueuse
monster monstrueux
monster monster
monster monstre
months mois
monument monument
moore moore
moral morale
moral moral
moral moraux
moral moralité
morgan morgane
morgan morgan
morning matin
morning morning
morning matinée
morning matinale
morocco maroc
morris morris
mostly principalement
mostly essentiellement
mostly surtout
mother mère
mother mere
mother maman
motor moteur
mount monter
mount mont
mount monture
mounted montées
mounted montée
mounted montés
mounted monté
mouth bouche
mouth embouchure
movements mouvements
mtv mtv
mumbai bombay
mumbai mumbai
municipal municipales
municipal municipale
municipal municipaux
municipality municipalité
museum musées
museum musée
musical musicale
musical musical
must doit
must moût
must doivent
must devez
mystery mystérieux
mystery mystère
mystery mystérieuse
mystery mystères
names noms
naming nommer
nationalist nationaliste
nationalist nationalistes
nationality nationalité
nationality nationalités
nations nations
native indigènes
native natif
native indigène
native autochtone
naval navale
naval navales
navigation navigation
ncaa ncaa
necessarily forcément
necessarily nécessairement
needs besoins
negotiations négociations
neo neo
neo néo
netherlands hollande
network reseau
network réseaux
network réseau
networks réseaux
neutral neutre
neutral neutres
neutral neutralité
never jamais
never never
nevertheless néanmoins
new nouveau
new nouvelle
new nouvelles
new nouveaux
new nouveautés
newcastle newcastle
newly nouvellement
newport newport
news nouveautés
news actualité
news nouvelles
news actualités
newspaper journal
newspapers journaux
newspapers quotidiens
nhl lnh
nicholas nicolas
nicholas nicholas
nick nick
nickname surnom
nickname pseudo
nickname pseudonyme
night soirée
night nuit
night soir
ninth ninth
ninth neuvième
noise bruits
noise bruit
norfolk norfolk
normal normale
normal normaux
normal normales
normal normal
normally normalement
northern septentrionale
northern nordique
northern septentrional
northern northern
northern nord
northwestern northwestern
norwegian norvégiens
norwegian norvégien
norwegian norvégienne
not not
not non
not pas
noted notée
noted remarqué
noted noté
nothing rien
november novembre
npov npov
numerous nombreux
numerous nombreuses
oak chênes
oak oak
oak chêne
oblast oblast
observed observés
observed observée
observed observées
observed observé
obtain obtenir
obtained obtenues
obtained obtenue
obtained obtenus
obtained obtenu
occasion occasion
occupation profession
occupation occupation
occupied occupé
occupied occupés
occupied occupées
occupied occupée
october octobre
off off
off hors
offers offres
offers offre
officers officiers
offices bureaux
officially officiellement
officials fonctionnaires
officials officiels
okay okay
okay ok
older âgées
older aîné
olympics olympiades
olympics olympiques
once jadis
once once
one un
one une
one one
online online
opening vernissage
opening ouverture
opens ouvre
operate opérer
operated fonctionné
operated exploitée
operated opéré
operates fonctionne
operates opère
operation fonctionnement
operation opération
operational opérationnelles
operational opérationnel
operational opérationnels
operational opérationnelle
operator exploitant
operator opérateur
opinion opinion
opinion avis
opponents adversaires
opponents opposants
opportunity opportunités
opportunity opportunité
opposed opposés
options options
oral orale
oral buccale
oral oral
oral oraux
orange orange
orange orangé
orange oranges
orchestra orchestre
order ordre
order commande
order commander
ordered commandés
ordered ordonné
ordered commandé
ordered commandée
ordered ordonnée
ordinary ordinaire
ordinary ordinaires
oregon oregon
org org
organ orgue
organ organe
organic bio
organic biologiques
organic biologique
organic organiques
organic organique
organization organisation
organizations organismes
organizations organisations
organized organisé
organized organisés
organized organisée
organized organisées
oriented orienté
oriented orientée
origin origine
origin origines
origins origine
origins origines
orphaned orphelin
orphaned orpheline
orphaned orphelines
orphaned orphelins
oscar oscar
other autre
other autres
ottawa ottawa
otto otto
out sortir
out sortie
out dehors
out out
outcome aboutissement
output sortie
outstanding remarquables
outstanding remarquable
oval ovale
overlap chevaucher
overlap chevauchement
overlap chevauchements
overseas outremer
overview aperçu
pacific pacifique
page pages
page page
paid rémunéré
paid payées
paid payé
paid payée
paid payés
painted peintes
painted peinte
painted peint
painted peints
paintings peintures
paintings toiles
paintings tableaux
pair pair
pair paire
pair paires
pakistan pakistan
pan pan
pan casserole
panel panneau
panel panel
paper papier
paper papiers
parade défilé
parade parade
paragraph paragraphe
paragraph alinéa
parallel parallèlement
parallel parallèles
parallel parallèle
parameters paramètres
parent parents
parent parent
parents parents
parish paroisse
park parc
parliament parlement
parliamentary parlementaire
partially partiellement
participants participants
participating participer
participating participantes
participating participant
particular particulière
particular particulier
parties parties
partly partiellement
partnership partenariats
partnership partenariat
parts pièces
parts parties
party partie
party parti
party fete
party soirée
party fête
passenger passager
passenger passagère
passenger passagers
passenger voyageur
passengers voyageurs
passengers passagers
passes passe
passes passes
past passées
past passée
past passé
past passés
path sentier
path chemin
path sillon
patients patients
patients patientes
patrick patrick
paul paul
paulo paulo
pay paye
pay payez
pay payer
pay paie
pdf pdf
peak apogée
peak pic
peak crête
peaked culminé
pedro pedro
peer pair
peer peer
peer pairs
pen stylo
pen pen
pen plume
pen stylos
penalty pénalités
penalty peine
penalty pénalité
penalty sanction
peoples peuples
perceived perçu
perceived perçus
perceived perçue
perceived perçues
percussion percussions
percussion percussion
perfectly parfaitement
perform effectuer
performance performance
performance performances
performance rendement
performed effectué
performing performante
performing exécutant
perry perry
personnel personnel
pete pete
peter peter
peter pierre
phase phase
phil phil
phone téléphone
photographs photographies
pick pick
pictured imaginais
pictures images
pictures photos
pieces morceaux
pilot pilot
pilot pilote
pilot pilotes
pine pine
pine pin
pink rose
pink rosé
pioneer pionnier
pioneer pioneer
pioneer pionniers
pioneer pionnière
pittsburgh pittsburgh
placed placés
placed placées
placed placée
placed placé
players joueurs
playoff playoff
playoff playoffs
playoff éliminatoires
playoffs playoffs
playoffs éliminatoires
plays joue
poems poèmes
poet poète
poet poètes
pointed pointé
pointed pointu
poland pologne
police policière
police policiers
police police
police policier
policies politiques
policy politiques
policy politique
polish polonaise
polish polonaises
polish polonais
politics politiques
politics politique
pool piscine
pool pool
poor pauvre
poor médiocre
poor pauvres
pop pop
popularity popularité
populations populations
port port
portion portion
portrait portrait
portugal portugal
positions positions
positive positive
positive positives
positive positif
positive positifs
possibility possibilité
possible possible
possible possibles
posts postes
posts poteaux
posts publications
powered alimenté
powered motorisé
powered propulsé
powers pouvoirs
powers powers
practical pratique
practice pratiquer
practice pratique
practice pratiques
prague prague
praised loué
predecessor prédécesseur
prefecture préfecture
preferred préféré
preferred préférée
preferred privilégiées
preferred préférence
preferred préférés
preliminary préliminaires
preliminary préliminaire
preserve conserver
preserve préserver
preserved préservée
preserved préservé
preserved conservés
preserved préservés
preserved conservées
preserved préservées
president présidente
president président
press appuyez
press presse
pressure pression
pressure pressions
prevent empêcher
prevent prévenir
price prix
price tarif
pride pride
pride orgueil
pride fierté
priest priest
priest prêtre
priest curé
primarily principalement
prime prime
prince prince
principal commettant
principal principale
principal principal
principle principe
prison prison
prisoners prisonnières
prisoners prisonniers
prisoners détenus
private privée
private privé
private privés
procedure procédure
procedures procédures
processes processus
processes procédés
processing transformation
processing traitement
prod prod
producer producteur
producer productrice
producer producteurs
product produit
product produits
professional professionnels
professional professionnelle
professional professionnel
professional professionnelles
professionals professionnels
profile profil
profile profils
profit profit
profit bénéfice
profit profits
profit bénéfices
program programme
programming programmation
progressive progressiste
progressive progressifs
progressive progressif
progressive graduel
progressive progressive
project projet
promoting promouvoir
proof justificatif
proof preuve
proof preuves
properties propriétés
proposed proposée
proposed proposé
proposed proposées
proposed proposés
protected protégées
protected protégés
protected protégée
protected protégé
protection protection
protein protéines
protein protéique
protein protéine
proteins protéines
protest protestation
protest protestations
protest contestation
protest protester
protest manifestation
protestant protestants
protestant protestant
protestant protestante
proved prouvé
proved prouvée
proved prouvées
proved prouvés
provide fournir
provide fournissent
provides fournit
provinces provinces
provincial provincial
provincial provinciales
provincial provinciaux
provincial provinciale
psychological psychologique
psychology psychologie
publicly publiquement
published publiée
published publiées
published publiés
published publié
publishing publier
publishing édition
publishing publication
puerto puerto
punjab pendjab
purchased achetée
purchased acheté
purchased achetées
purchased achetés
push push
push poussez
push pousser
push pousse
qualified qualifiés
qualified qualifiées
qualified qualifiée
qualified qualifié
qualifying qualifications
qualifying qualifiée
qualifying qualification
qualifying qualifier
quantum quantum
quantum quantique
quarter quart
quarter trimestre
queens reines
queens queens
quickly rapidement
quickly vite
quotes cotation
quotes citations
quotes devis
quotes cotes
quotes soumissions
races courses
racing course
racing racing
racing courses
radar radar
radar radars
radiation rayonnement
radiation radiations
radiation rayonnements
rail ferroviaire
rail rail
raise élever
raised élevé
raised soulevées
ram ram
ram bélier
random random
random hasard
random aléatoire
random aléatoires
range gamme
range portée
ranges gammes
ratings cotes
ratings appréciations
ratings évaluations
raw cru
raw premières
raw brut
raw crue
raw raw
raw crus
ray raie
ray ray
reaching atteignant
reaching atteindre
reaction réaction
ready prête
ready pret
ready prêtes
ready prêt
ready prêts
reality réalité
reality réalités
realize réalise
rear arrière
rear arriere
rear arrières
reasoning raisonnement
reasoning raisonnements
receives reçoit
recently récent
recently récemment
recognised reconnu
recognised reconnues
recognised reconnue
recognised reconnus
recognized reconnu
recognized reconnues
recognized reconnue
recognized reconnus
recorded enregistrées
recorded enregistrée
recorded enregistrés
recorded enregistré
recreation loisirs
recreation récréation
red rouges
red roux
red rouge
redirect rediriger
redirect redirection
redirect réorienter
reduced réduit
reduced réduite
reduced réduites
reduction réduction
redundant redondant
redundant superflu
reed roseaux
reed reed
reference référence
referenced référencés
referenced référencé
reflect reflètent
reflect refléter
refused refusées
refused refusés
refused refusé
refused refusée
regional régionales
regional régionaux
regional régional
registered enregistrée
registered inscrits
registered enregistrés
registered enregistré
registered inscrit
registration inscription
registration enregistrement
registration immatriculation
regularly régulièrement
regulation réglementation
regulation règlement
regulation régulation
regulation règlementation
regulations réglementation
regulations règlements
regulations règlementation
regulations réglementations
regulations règlement
relation relation
release release
release libération
release libèrent
releases communiqués
releases rejets
reliable fiable
reliable fiables
remained resta
remained resté
remained restait
removal déménagement
removal enlèvement
removal suppression
removed retirée
removed enlevé
removed retiré
removed supprimée
removed supprimés
removed supprimé
rename renommer
renaming renommer
renowned renommée
renowned renommés
renowned renommé
replacement remplacements
replacement remplacement
replacement remplaçant
replacing remplacer
replacing remplaçant
reporting rapports
reporting reportages
reporting reportage
reporting signalement
reporting signaler
representation représentation
representative représentant
representative représentante
represents représente
requests demandes
requests requêtes
requirement exigence
requires requiert
requires exige
requires nécessite
residents résidants
residents habitants
residents résidents
resolved résolus
resolved résolues
resolved résolu
resolved résolue
resolves décide
resolves résout
resource ressource
respond répondez
responded répondu
response réponse
response réaction
restoration restauration
restored restaurée
restored restaurés
restored rétabli
restored restauré
result résultat
returned retourné
returned retournés
returned retournée
reveals révèle
revenue revenus
revenue revenu
revenue recettes
reviewer réviseur
reviewer examinateur
reviews examens
reviews critiques
revival renouveau
revolutionary révolutionnaires
revolutionary révolutionnaire
rfa rfa
rhode rhode
rhythm rythmique
rhythm rythme
rico rico
ride chevaucher
ride balade
riders coureurs
riders cavaliers
rifle fusil
rifle carabine
right droite
right droit
rights droits
ring bague
ring anneau
road routier
road route
road chemin
roads routes
roads chemins
roberts roberts
rocky rocheux
rocky rocky
rogers rogers
roles rôles
roman romain
roman romaine
roman roman
roman romaines
roman romains
romance romantisme
romance idylle
romance romance
romance romantique
romania roumanie
romanian roumains
romanian roumaine
romanian roumain
ron ron
ronald ronald
room salle
room chambre
room chambres
rooms salles
rooms chambres
root root
root racines
root racine
rough rude
rough bruts
rounds rondes
rounds ronds
route itinéraire
route route
route trajet
route parcours
routes routes
routes itinéraires
rovers rovers
row rangées
row ligne
row rang
row rangée
rowspan rowspan
rugby rugby
ruled gouverné
ruled statué
rural rurales
rural ruraux
rural rurale
rural rural
sacred sacrées
sacred sacrée
sacred sacré
sacred sacrés
sailing voile
salt salé
salt sel
sample échantillon
sample échantillons
samples échantillons
samuel samuel
sandy sable
sandy sandy
sang sang
sang chanté
sang chantait
santa santa
saskatchewan saskatchewan
sat assise
sat assis
sat sat
satellite satellite
save économiser
save enregistrer
save sauvegarder
save sauver
saw saw
saw scie
schedule horaires
schedule horaire
schedule calendrier
scheduled prévu
scheduled planifiée
scheduled programmée
scheduled planifié
scheduled programmé
scholar érudit
sciences sciences
scientific scientifiques
scientific scientifique
scored marqué
scout scout
scout éclaireur
screen screen
screen ecran
screen écran
sea mer
sean sean
searching recherchant
seat banquette
seat siège
seat seat
seattle seattle
section section
seed graine
seed semences
seed seed
seed graines
seed semence
sees voit
segment segment
selection choix
selection sélections
selection sélection
self self
sell vends
sell vendre
sense sens
sentence phrase
sentence sentence
sentence peine
sep sep
separate distinct
separate séparés
separate séparé
separate séparées
separate séparer
serbian serbe
serbian serbes
serious sérieux
serious serieux
serious graves
serious grave
serious sérieuse
serve servir
serve sers
serve servez
serves sert
service service
serving servant
serving portion
serving servir
setting paramètre
setting réglage
settled réglés
settled réglé
settlers colons
seven seven
seven sept
seventh septième
seventh seventh
sexual sexuel
sexual sexuelles
sexual sexuelle
shadow shadow
shadow ombre
shadow ombres
shah shah
shakespeare shakespeare
shared partagées
shared partagée
shared partagé
sharing partage
sharing partager
shaw shaw
sheriff shériff
sheriff sheriff
sheriff shérif
shield bouclier
shield shield
ship navire
ship vaisseau
ships navires
ships vaisseaux
should devrait
should devraient
should devrais
show afficher
show montre
show montrer
show spectacle
shown montré
siege siege
siege siège
sign signer
sign signe
sign panneau
sign signez
signature signature
signed signées
signed signée
signed signé
signed signés
significance signification
significance importance
significant significative
significant significatif
significant significatifs
signing signer
signing signant
signing signature
silent silencieuse
silent muet
silent silencieux
silent silencieuses
simon simon
simple simple
simple simples
simply simplement
simultaneously simultanément
simultaneously simultané
since depuis
since puisque
singer chanteur
singer chanteuse
singing chant
singing chanter
single célibataire
single single
single unique
single célibataires
singles célibataire
singles simple
singles simples
singles célibataires
sister sister
sister soeur
sister sœur
sisters soeurs
sisters sœurs
site site
sites sites
sitting assise
sitting assis
situated située
situated situé
situation situation
situations situations
six six
sixth sixth
sixth sixième
ski ski
ski skier
skills aptitudes
skills compétences
skin peau
sleep sommeil
sleep dormir
sleep dors
slovenia slovénie
slow ralentir
slow lentement
slow lenteur
slow lent
slow lente
slowly lentement
slowly doucement
smart intelligente
smart malin
smart intelligent
smart smart
smart futé
smith smith
smith forgeron
social sociale
social sociaux
social social
socialist socialistes
socialist socialiste
society société
socks chaussettes
socks chaussette
soft douce
soft doux
soft douceur
soft douces
soft tendre
soft soft
software logiciel
software logiciels
solar solaires
solar solaire
sold vendues
sold vendus
sold vendue
sold vendu
soldier soldat
sole sole
sole semelle
solutions solutions
son fils
son fiston
song chant
song chanson
songwriter compositeur
songwriter compositrice
sorry désolé
sorry désolée
sorry désolés
sorry pardon
sound sound
sound sonore
sound son
soundtrack soundtrack
source source
source sources
sources sources
south méridional
south sud
southern méridional
southern méridionale
sox sox
space espace
spaces espaces
spain espagne
speak parlez
speak parler
speak parle
special spéciales
special spécial
special spéciaux
special spéciale
specified précisé
specified spécifiés
specified spécifiée
specified spécifié
spectrum spectre
speech discours
speech allocution
speed vitesses
speed rapidité
speed vitesse
spell sort
spell sortilège
spell orthographe
spend dépenser
spending dépenser
spending dépenses
spending dépense
spider spider
spider araignée
spin vrille
spin spin
spin tourner
spin tourne
split diviser
split scinder
split split
split scission
spoken parlé
spoken parlés
spoken parlée
sport sportif
sport sportive
sport sport
squad escouade
squad équipe
squad escadron
squad brigade
stack empiler
stack pile
stack stack
staff personnel
standard norme
standard standard
standing standing
standings classements
stanford stanford
started commencé
started démarré
started commencée
starting démarrer
starting démarrage
stat stat
statement énoncé
statement déclaration
statements déclarations
states etats
states états
statistical statistique
stats stats
stats statistiques
statue statue
stem tige
stem souches
stem potence
step step
step étape
steve steve
stewart stewart
stick stick
stick bâton
still still
still encore
still toujours
stockholm stockholm
stone stone
stone pierre
stone pierres
stopped stoppé
stops arrêts
storage stockage
storage entreposage
storage rangement
stores magasins
stories histoires
storm orage
storm tempête
storm storm
story récit
strange étrange
strange bizarre
strange strange
strange etrange
string chaîne
string ficelle
string string
string cordes
structure structure
structures structures
struggle lutte
studied étudié
studied étudiée
studied étudiées
studied étudiés
study etude
study étudier
study étude
stuff trucs
style style
styles styles
sub sub
substantial substantielle
substantial substantiel
substitute remplaçant
substitute suppléant
substitute substituer
substitute remplaçants
suburb faubourg
suburb banlieue
successful réussi
successful réussie
succession successions
succession succession
suggests suggère
suit costard
suit costume
suitable approprié
suitable convenable
sullivan sullivan
summit sommet
sunday sunday
sunday dimanches
sunday dimanche
sung chanté
sung sung
sung chantée
sunk coulés
sunk coulé
superior supérieurs
superior supérieure
superior supérieur
superior superieure
superior superieur
supply approvisionnement
support soutien
support assistance
support appui
supported supportés
supported appuyé
supported soutenue
supported soutenu
supported supporté
supporters partisans
supporters supporters
supporters soutiens
supporting soutenir
supports supporte
supports soutient
supports soutiens
supports supports
suppose suppose
suppose supposer
suppose supposez
suppose supposons
supreme supreme
supreme suprême
supreme suprêmes
surgery chirurgie
survey enquête
survey sondage
suspected présumés
suspected soupçonnée
suspected suspecté
suspected soupçonné
suspended suspendu
suspended suspendues
suspended suspendue
suspended suspendus
sweet doux
sweet sucré
sweet douce
sweet sweet
swimming nager
swimming natation
swimming baignade
switzerland suisse
sword épée
sword glaive
sword sabre
symbol symboles
symbol symbole
symbols symboles
systems systèmes
são são
são sao
taking prendre
taking prenant
tale récit
tale conte
talent talents
talent talent
talk parler
talk parle
talk talk
talk parlez
tamil tamoul
tamil tamil
tamil tamouls
tampa tampa
target cibles
target objectif
target cible
target cibler
tasks tâches
tax impôts
tax taxe
tax taxes
tax fiscalité
tax fiscale
tax impôt
teach enseigner
teacher professeur
teacher enseignante
teacher enseignant
teacher institutrice
teams équipes
teams equipes
techniques techniques
technologies technologies
technology technologique
technology technologies
technology technologie
ted ted
temperatures températures
temperatures température
templates modèles
templates gabarits
tend tendent
tennis tennis
terminus terminus
territories territoires
terrorism terrorisme
terrorist terroriste
terrorist terroristes
test essai
test test
test épreuve
test tester
tested testé
tested testés
tested testée
tested testées
tests essais
tests tests
tests épreuves
texas texas
thai thaï
thai thaïlandaise
thai thaïlandais
theater théatre
theater théâtre
theatre théatre
theatre théâtre
theatre théâtres
their leur
their leurs
theology théologique
theology théologie
theorem théorème
thin maigre
thin mince
thin minces
thirteen treize
thirteen thirteen
thirty trente
thirty thirty
thoughts réflexions
thoughts pensées
threat menaces
threat menace
threatened menacés
threatened menacée
threatened menacé
threatened menacées
throne trône
thu thu
tied liées
ties cravates
timber bois
time temps
time heure
times fois
tip pourboire
tip pointe
tip astuce
title titre
titles titres
today hui
today aujourdhui
together ensemble
together together
tom tom
tons tonnes
too trop
too too
took pris
took prit
tools outillage
tools outils
topics sujets
topics thèmes
toronto toronto
toronto montréal
tourism tourisme
tournaments tournois
towards vers
town ville
towns bourgs
trade commerce
trade échange
trade échanges
tradition tradition
tradition traditions
traffic trafic
traffic circulation
transfer virement
transfer transfer
transfer transférer
transfer transfert
traveled voyageait
traveled voyagé
treat traitez
treat traiter
treated traitée
treated soigné
treated traitées
tree sapin
tree arbre
tree arborescence
tree arbres
trial essai
trial procès
trio trio
trip voyage
trip trip
triple triples
triple triplé
triple tripler
triple triple
troops troupes
trouble trouble
trouble perturbation
true vrais
true true
true vraie
true vrai
true véritable
try essaie
try essayez
try essayer
try essaye
tue mar
tue aut
turn tourne
turn turn
turn tourner
turn tournez
turned tourné
turned tournés
turning tournant
twelve twelve
twelve douze
twin jumelle
twin jumeau
twin jumeaux
twin jumelles
types types
typically typiquement
typically habituellement
typically généralement
uefa uefa
ukrainian ukrainiennes
ukrainian ukrainien
ukrainian ukrainienne
ukrainian ukrainiens
uncle tonton
uncle oncle
unclear imprécis
und und
under sous
under under
union union
union syndicat
unions syndicats
unique uniques
unique unique
unit unité
unit unite
unit unit
united unie
united unis
united unies
units unités
universal universal
universal universels
universal universelle
universal universel
universities universités
unlike contrairement
unlikely improbable
unlikely invraisemblable
unlikely improbables
unsuccessful infructueuses
upper supérieure
upper supérieur
url url
urls url
us$ usd
us$ us$
us$ $us
useful utile
useful utiles
username username
username identifiant
username pseudo
using utiliser
using utilisant
uss uss
usually habituellement
usually généralement
utah utah
utc utc
utc tuc
utility utilitaire
utility utilité
valley valley
valley vallée
values valeurs
van camionnette
van fourgonnette
van fourgon
van van
variation variations
variation variante
variation variation
vast vastes
vast vaste
vehicle véhicule
venture venture
vermont vermont
verse verset
verse couplet
versus versus
vessel récipient
vessel navire
vessel vaisseau
vessels navires
vessels vaisseaux
veteran vétéran
via via
vice mœurs
vice vice
victim victime
victims victimes
victorian victorien
victorian victorienne
video vidéo
video vidéos
video video
vietnam vietnam
vietnam viêtnam
vietnamese vietnamiens
vietnamese vietnamien
vietnamese vietnamienne
vietnamese vietnamiennes
viewed visionné
viewers téléspectateurs
viewers spectateurs
village village
vincent vincent
violence violences
violence violence
violin violon
virgin virgin
virgin vierges
virgin vierge
virgin puceau
virtual virtuel
virtual virtuels
virtual virtuelle
virtual virtual
virtual virtuelles
virtually virtuellement
virtually quasiment
virtually pratiquement
visible visible
visible visibles
visit visite
visit visitez
visit visiter
visited visités
visited visitée
visited visité
visitors visiteur
visitors visiteurs
visits visites
vocal vocaux
vocal chant
vocal vocale
vocal vocal
voices voix
volleyball volley
volleyball volleyball
volumes volumes
voted votés
voted votées
voted votée
voted voté
voters électeurs
voters votants
votes vote
votes votes
votes voix
wait attendre
wait attends
wait attendez
waiting attente
waiting attendre
waiting attendant
wake veillée
wake wake
wake réveiller
wake sillage
wales galles
walking marche
walking marcher
wall paroi
wall muraille
wall mur
walter walter
want veulent
want envie
want vouloir
want veux
want voulez
wanted recherchés
wanted recherché
wanted recherchée
wanted voulu
wanted voulait
ward ward
ward pupille
warm chaud
warm chaleureux
warm chaleureuses
warm chaude
warrant mandat
warren warren
warring belligérantes
warriors warriors
warriors guerriers
wars guerres
ways façons
wealth richesses
wealth richesse
weekly hebdo
weekly hebdomadaire
weekly hebdomadaires
weeks semaines
wellington wellington
wells puits
wells wells
went allé
were étaient
west occidentale
west occident
west ouest
west west
who qui
who oms
who who
whole entiers
whole entier
why pourquoi
why why
wiki wiki
wikipedia wikipédia
wikipedia wikipedia
wikis wikis
wild wild
wild sauvage
wild sauvages
wildlife faune
wilhelm wilhelm
will will
will volonté
will fera
will sera
william guillaume
william william
wind vent
wind éolien
wind éolienne
wind vents
window hublot
window vitre
window fenetre
window fenêtre
window fenêtres
wings wings
wings ailes
wise sage
wise wise
wish souhait
wish voeu
wish souhaite
wish souhaiter
without sans
women femmes
women féminin
women femme
won gagné
won gagnée
won gagnées
won won
won gagnés
wonder émerveillement
wonder merveille
wonder wonder
wood bois
word mot
words mots
work travaux
work travail
work travailler
worker travailleur
worker travailleuse
worker ouvrier
workers ouvriers
workers travailleurs
works travaux
works œuvres
works oeuvres
worldwide mondiale
worldwide mondial
worse pire
worship adoration
worship culte
worst pire
worst pires
would serait
would aurait
would ferait
write écrivez
write ecrire
write écrire
write rédiger
writers scénaristes
writers auteurs
writers écrivains
wrong faux
wrong tort
wrong mal
wrong erroné
wrote écrivit
wrote écrit
year annee
year an
year année
yellow jaunes
yellow jaune
your votre
your vos
#all #tout
aardvark aardvark
abbasi abbasi
abbotsford abbotsford
abdallah abdallah
abdication abdication
abdus abdus
abington abington
abound abondent
abstractions abstractions
abteilung abteilung
abuja abuja
acetone acétone
acorns glands
adan adan
adar adar
addy addy
adjudicated statué
adopter adoptant
adversity adversité
aegon aegon
aerodromes aérodromes
aerosols aérosol
aerosols aérosols
agena agena
aggregated agrégés
aggregated agrégée
aggregated agrégé
aggregated agrégées
agincourt agincourt
ags ags
agu agu
ahh ahh
ahly ahly
aja aja
akers akers
alamos alamos
albanese albanese
alberts alberts
albumin albumine
alda alda
alderson alderson
aldwych aldwych
alessandra alessandra
algol algol
algonquin algonquin
alienated aliéner
alienated aliéné
alkali alcalines
alkali alcalin
alkali alcalins
allis allis
allowable admissible
allt allt
alon alon
aloysius aloysius
altars autels
americano americano
amicable amiable
ammonite ammonite
amol amol
anaconda anaconda
anacostia anacostia
anastasio anastasio
anatoliy anatoliy
anesthesia anesthésie
ansari ansari
anselm anselm
anthrax anthrax
antivirus antivirus
antonescu antonescu
apollon apollon
appa appa
appomattox appomattox
aprile aprile
aranda aranda
arapaho arapaho
arbroath arbroath
archimandrite archimandrite
archivists archivistes
arenaria arenaria
arequipa arequipa
argentinos argentinos
ariane ariane
aristide aristide
arkwright arkwright
arles arles
arlhs arlhs
armavir armavir
armen armen
armistead armistead
arnett arnett
arnott arnott
arrington arrington
arup arup
asakura asakura
asbury asbury
asen asen
ashamed honteuse
ashamed honteux
ashbrook ashbrook
ashmore ashmore
aspiration aspirations
aspiration aspiration
asti asti
astm astm
astral astral
astrodome astrodome
astrophysicist astrophysicien
ati ati
atlante atlante
attendants préposés
attlee attlee
atwell atwell
auctions enchères
auctions adjudications
aureus aureus
avenger vengeur
aves aves
avila avila
avispa avispa
avni avni
awe crainte
axl axl
azar azar
azaria azaria
aïn aïn
bachata bachata
bacillus bacillus
backups sauvegardes
bacău bacău
badri badri
baek baek
bagot bagot
bahnhof bahnhof
balances soldes
balances balances
bamba bamba
bandcamp bandcamp
bandera bandera
banger banger
banishment bannissement
banshees banshees
baraka baraka
baranja baranja
barberini barberini
bardo bardo
barisan barisan
barnacle barnacle
barone barone
barricades barricade
barricades barricades
barroso barroso
barrymore barrymore
bartender barman
bartender barmaid
baru baru
bascom bascom
basie basie
basingstoke basingstoke
bastien bastien
bataillon bataillon
batley batley
battersea battersea
bava bava
bayly bayly
bayne bayne
bayonne bayonne
baz baz
bdd bdd
bde bde
bead perle
beards barbes
beauregard beauregard
becca becca
beefheart beefheart
begg begg
belgique belgique
beltran beltran
bem bem
benazir benazir
beng beng
benham benham
beni beni
benn benn
benoist benoist
bergström bergström
bering bering
bernoulli bernoulli
berths couchettes
bessemer bessemer
besson besson
bethnal bethnal
betjeman betjeman
betray trahir
betrays trahit
bettina bettina
bewildered perplexe
bihari bihari
bilder bilder
bile bile
billionaires milliardaires
bimonthly bimestriel
biopsy biopsie
biotech biotech
biotech biotechnologie
biotech biotechnologies
biotic biotiques
bipartisan bipartite
birney birney
birt birt
bizerte bizerte
bizet bizet
bizkit bizkit
blackbird merle
blandford blandford
blasphemy blasphème
blatt blatt
bleeker bleeker
blige blige
blinds rideaux
blinds stores
blinds volets
blinds store
blooms fleurit
bloor bloor
blouse chemisier
blouse blouse
blouse corsage
bluebell bluebell
blumberg blumberg
blumenthal blumenthal
bmt bmt
bode bode
bogey bogey
bohdan bohdan
bojan bojan
boku boku
bolero bolero
boleslav boleslav
bolling bolling
bombshell bombshell
bonk bonk
booklets livrets
booklets brochures
booklets plaquettes
booklets cahiers
bookmark signet
boosters boosters
borac borac
borrower emprunteurs
borrower emprunteur
bosphorus bosphore
bottlenecks goulets
bouchet bouchet
boutiques boutiques
bowel intestin
bowel intestins
boz boz
bramwell bramwell
braunfels braunfels
bravely courageusement
breastfeeding allaiter
breastfeeding allaitement
brickell brickell
brightman brightman
brisco brisco
briscoe briscoe
brogan brogan
brokaw brokaw
bronchitis bronchite
bronson bronson
brookes brookes
brushing brossage
brushing brosser
buckethead buckethead
buckman buckman
buckskin buckskin
buffett buffett
bugatti bugatti
buggy buggy
buggy poussette
buhl buhl
bulbul bulbul
bulletins bulletins
bullitt bullitt
burnell burnell
busway busway
buuren buuren
băsescu băsescu
cabildo cabildo
cacique cacique
cadence cadence
cadmium cadmium
caernarfon caernarfon
caesars caesars
caitlin caitlin
cajon cajon
californica californica
caligula caligula
camas camas
camelot camelot
camper caravane
camper camper
camper campeur
camperdown camperdown
cana cana
canaria canaria
canta canta
cantabria cantabrie
cantrell cantrell
capriccio capriccio
caprice caprice
caracalla caracalla
carbonated gazeuses
cardiology cardiologie
carefree insouciante
carefree insouciant
carefree insouciance
carillon carillon
carles carles
carmine carmine
carnot carnot
carreras carreras
carruthers carruthers
cashel cashel
cassano cassano
castaño castaño
castellan castellan
castings castings
castings coulées
castletown castletown
castra castra
català català
catharine catharine
caton caton
caudron caudron
caulfield caulfield
cavaliere cavaliere
cavalieri cavalieri
ccccc ccccc
ccr ccr
cel cel
cellspacing cellspacing
centraal centraal
centreville centreville
centurion centurion
certify certifier
certify certifie
ceti ceti
cfg cfg
chae chae
chairing présider
chanel chanel
changers changeurs
changi changi
channeled canalisé
chappelle chappelle
chara chara
characterisation caractérisation
characterise caractériser
characterizing caractériser
characterizing caractérisant
chardonnay chardonnay
charente charente
charlesworth charlesworth
chasm gouffre
chasm abîme
chatsworth chatsworth
chatto chatto
cheb cheb
cheeky effronté
cheerfully allègrement
cheesy ringard
chemically chimiquement
cherbourg cherbourg
chevaliers chevaliers
chileans chiliens
chilli piment
chirac chirac
chiron chiron
chloroform chloroforme
cholmondeley cholmondeley
chrissie chrissie
christiana christiana
chumash chumash
chungcheong chungcheong
cidade cidade
cigars cigares
cigars cigare
cipolla cipolla
circuses cirques
cisneros cisneros
citizendium citizendium
cité cité
clannad clannad
clarion clarion
clawson clawson
cleburne cleburne
clooney clooney
clouded obscurci
clove gousse
clove girofle
clowes clowes
clp cip
clp clp
clydebank clydebank
cobbled pavées
coerced forcé
coerced contraint
coerced contraints
coils bobines
colette colette
coley coley
collie collie
colosseum colisée
colourless incolore
columbo columbo
comercial comercial
comiskey comiskey
commandment commandement
commandment commandements
commissariat commissariat
compatriot compatriote
competencies compétences
compiègne compiègne
composting compostage
concealment dissimulation
conceptions conceptions
concertino concertino
condemns condamne
confessor inquisitrice
confucius confucius
confuses confond
conger conger
conquistadors conquistadors
consorts consorts
conventionally conventionnellement
convergent convergentes
convergent convergent
cookson cookson
cooperstown cooperstown
corazon corazon
corelli corelli
corio corio
cornhill cornhill
coronel coronel
corrado corrado
corrugated ondulé
cortland cortland
cortona cortona
corwin corwin
cottonwood cottonwood
coulomb coulomb
cowie cowie
crabbe crabbe
craiova craiova
cramped exigu
cranbrook cranbrook
crayfish écrevisses
creston creston
crispin crispin
criss criss
crist crist
crochet crochet
cronenberg cronenberg
cropper cropper
crotone crotone
crtc crtc
crucis crucis
crustacean crustacés
crystallized cristallisé
crystallized confits
crüe crüe
cti cti
cubitt cubitt
cuenca cuenca
cuevas cuevas
cultured cultivé
cultured cultivés
cumulus cumulus
curators conservateurs
curiosities curiosités
curlew curlew
cursor curseur
cursor curseurs
cutlass cutlass
cve cve
cwt cwt
cyanide cyanure
cyberspace cyberespace
czechs tchèques
dag dag
dalit dalits
dall dall
damping amortir
damping amortissement
danko danko
daredevils daredevils
dariusz dariusz
dashing fringant
daum daum
davydenko davydenko
dca dca
debit débit
debit débits
debtors débiteurs
debug debug
debug débogage
decently décemment
decoder décodeur
decolonization décolonisation
defaulting défaillant
defaulting défaillants
definable définissable
degenerate dégénéré
degenerate dégénérés
delia delia
delia délia
deliberations délibérations
delicacies délices
delilah delilah
delinquency délinquance
delorean delorean
delos delos
delusional délirant
dendrobium dendrobium
dennison dennison
derailed déraillé
deranged dérangée
deranged dérangé
designates désigne
desperado desperado
desportiva desportiva
destinies destins
detergent détergent
detergent détergents
determinations déterminations
devalued dévalué
devoured dévoré
dhofar dhofar
dhs dhs
dialysis dialyse
dictating dicter
diderot diderot
diemen diemen
digimon digimon
dilute dilué
dilute diluée
dilute diluer
dimes dimes
diogo diogo
directorates directions
disarmed désarmé
disarmed désarmés
discern discerner
discounts rabais
discounts remises
discounts réductions
discounts réduction
discreet discret
discreet discrète
discreet discrètes
discreet discrets
disintegration désintégration
disintegration désagrégation
disqualify disqualifier
dissected disséqué
dissected disséquer
divan divan
diya diya
dla dla
dmx dmx
dnc dnc
dobie dobie
doctorates doctorats
domo domo
donelson donelson
dope dope
dosing dosage
doubly doublement
dougal dougal
doughnuts donuts
doughnuts beignets
dps pdd
drab terne
dragnet dragnet
dragonfly libellule
dredge drague
drg drg
driveway allée
drown noyer
duan duan
dudes mecs
duels duels
dum dum
dumbledore dumbledore
dunstable dunstable
dunstan dunstan
dupree dupree
dupuis dupuis
dura dura
durrës durrës
dutra dutra
dykes digues
ebbw ebbw
eberle eberle
ebooks ebooks
ecclesia ecclesia
ecg ecg
eder eder
edgardo edgardo
edgware edgware
edi edi
eeg eeg
eger eger
egger egger
eggers eggers
einer einer
eis sie
eisenach eisenach
eko eko
elbert elbert
ele ele
electrocuted électrocuté
electromechanical électromécaniques
eliade eliade
elina elina
elisha elisha
elland elland
elmwood elmwood
elongation allongement
embraer embraer
emedicinesubj emedicinesubj
emporia emporia
emptied vidé
emptied vidés
emptied vidée
endemol endemol
ene ene
engl engl
eng}} eng}}
enright enright
enrolment scolarisation
enron enron
equalizer égaliseur
equip équiper
equipments équipements
equipments equipements
eradication éradication
erb erb
ergonomics ergonomie
erick erick
ersatz ersatz
erzgebirge erzgebirge
esbjerg esbjerg
espen espen
esplanade esplanade
eurodance eurodance
eurosport eurosport
evacuations évacuations
evictions expulsions
evokes évoque
evolves évolue
ewa ewa
excalibur excalibur
executes exécute
exo exo
exorcism exorcisme
exporters exportateurs
exquisite exquis
exquisite exquise
ext ext
extradition extradition
extravagant extravagant
eyewear lunettes
facilitation facilitation
fakes simule
fakes feinte
falsified falsifié
falsified falsifiés
fantagraphics fantagraphics
farragut farragut
fattah fattah
fausto fausto
fawcett fawcett
fdp fdp
feathered plumes
fedora fedora
feliz feliz
ferdinando ferdinando
fergal fergal
fermions fermions
ferrocarril ferrocarril
fertiliser engrais
festschrift festschrift
fett fett
fey fey
feynman feynman
fiancee fiancée
fiddler violoniste
fiercely farouchement
filth saleté
filth crasse
fingerprint empreinte
fink fink
finnegan finnegan
finney finney
fiorello fiorello
firehouse caserne
fisichella fisichella
fiu crf
fixer redresseur
flamurtari flamurtari
flooring planchers
flooring revêtements
flooring plancher
flooring sols
florist fleuriste
flotation flottation
flotation flottaison
flounder flet
fmri irmf
foerster foerster
fogel fogel
folie folie
follicle follicule
foramen foramen
foreigner étranger
foreigner etranger
forgiven pardonnés
forgiven pardonné
forgiven pardonnée
formulae formules
formulate formuler
fps fps
frail fragile
frail frêle
fram fram
france}} france}}
freaks monstres
freda freda
fredericksburg fredericksburg
freie freie
freikorps freikorps
fret frette
friendliness amabilité
friendliness gentillesse
frosted givré
fsf fsf
fte ept
fugues fugues
fujii fujii
fujii fuji
fukuyama fukuyama
fulda fulda
fulford fulford
funicular funiculaire
furiously furieusement
furry poilu
furry poilus
futility futilité
gab gab
gagarin gagarine
gait démarche
galilei galilei
gallic gaulois
gallimard gallimard
gambian gambien
ganda ganda
gangwon gangwon
garson garson
gasteiz gasteiz
gastronomy gastronomie
gatt gatt
gaunt gaunt
gazprom gazprom
gchq gchq
gec gec
gecko gecko
gegenwart gegenwart
geist geist
geller geller
generali generali
generalised généralisé
generalised généralisée
generalised généralisées
generosity générosité
genghis genghis
geoghegan geoghegan
geordie geordie
georgette georgette
geotechnical géotechnique
germanium germanium
gers gers
geun geun
giambattista giambattista
gian gian
gianluca gianluca
gilani gilani
gilson gilson
gingerbread gingerbread
giovanna giovanna
giroux giroux
girth circonférence
glasser glasser
gliese gliese
glo glo
glorification glorification
glut surabondance
godin godin
godot godot
goffin goffin
golan golan
goma goma
goodricke goodricke
gout gout
gout goutte
goyang goyang
graceland graceland
gramercy gramercy
granados granados
grandiose grandiose
grandiose grandioses
grapple grappin
grasse grasse
grassi grassi
greenaway greenaway
gretel gretel
groceries épicerie
grodzisk grodzisk
gta gta
gua gua
guernica guernica
guldbagge guldbagge
gulfstream gulfstream
gunnison gunnison
gustafson gustafson
gutman gutman
gwendolyn gwendolyn
haa haa
hac hac
haddington haddington
hafez hafez
hafiz hafiz
hagan hagan
hagerstown hagerstown
haider haider
hairston hairston
haka haka
hallam hallam
hallett hallett
halley halley
hallucinogenic hallucinogènes
hamadan hamadan
hamasaki hamasaki
hamdan hamdan
handout aumône
haram haram
hardie hardie
haredi haredi
harghita harghita
hargrave hargrave
hargrove hargrove
harrah harrah
harrogate harrogate
harvests récoltes
hassle tracas
haste hâte
hatta hatta
haunt hanter
haunt hante
haunt hantent
hauptsturmführer hauptsturmführer
haverhill haverhill
hawa hawa
hawkeye hawkeye
haze brumes
haze brume
haze brouillard
hdr hdr
heber heber
hec hec
hedrick hedrick
hegel hegel
heinkel heinkel
helder helder
hellas hellas
helter helter
hemp chanvre
henk henk
herbicide herbicides
herbicide herbicide
herning herning
herta herta
hertha hertha
hibernate hibernation
hibernate hiberner
hifk hifk
highgate highgate
hijo hijo
hilarion hilarion
hildebrandt hildebrandt
hillsboro hillsboro
himmel himmel
hinkle hinkle
hippodrome hippodrome
hiratsuka hiratsuka
hirundo hirundo
hlaváčková hlaváčková
hobbies hobbies
hockeyarchives hockeyarchives
hoddle hoddle
hoek hoek
hofmann hofmann
hoge hoge
hogue hogue
hogwarts poudlard
hok hok
hollandia hollandia
hollister hollister
holodomor holodomor
homburg homburg
homeopathy homéopathie
honoris honoris
horsens horsens
howlett howlett
hsiao hsiao
hsien hsien
hud hud
humanistic humaniste
hundredth centième
huth huth
hydrochloric chlorhydrique
hydrolase hydrolase
hydrolysis hydrolyse
hyogo hyogo
hypocritical hypocrites
hypocritical hypocrite
hypothermia hypothermie
hüseyin hüseyin
ibáñez ibáñez
icarly icarly
icl icl
ics ics
idealist idéaliste
idealistic idéaliste
identifiers identificateurs
identifiers identifiants
ifpi ifpi
ilex ilex
ilford ilford
ilia ilia
illawarra illawarra
illiterate illettrés
illiterate analphabète
illiterate analphabètes
ills maux
iloilo iloilo
ilona ilona
ilves ilves
imad imad
imax imax
imitate imiter
imitate imite
immersive immersive
impala impala
imperio imperio
impossibility impossibilité
impunity impunité
imre imre
inbound entrants
inbound entrant
incense encens
incinerator incinérateurs
incinerator incinérateur
incompatibility incompatibilité
incompatibility incompatibilités
incomprehensible incompréhensibles
incomprehensible incompréhensible
indecency indécence
indeterminate indéterminée
indeterminate indéterminé
individualistic individualiste
indore indore
inedible immangeable
inefficiency inefficacité
inert inerte
inert inertes
inez inez
infect infecter
infestations infestations
infiltrating infiltrer
infiniti infiniti
infra infra
infused infusé
inhaled inhalé
initialization initialisation
injurious préjudiciable
injurious préjudiciables
inlaid incrusté
innkeeper aubergiste
insinuations insinuations
insolvency insolvabilité
intensities intensités
intermezzo intermezzo
interurban interurbain
interurban interurbains
intimidating intimidant
intimidating intimider
intoxication intoxication
intoxication ivresse
ioannis ioannis
ipairs ipairs
irreducible irréductible
irreparable irréparable
irreparable irrémédiable
irreparable irréparables
irrigate irriguer
irrigated irriguée
irrigated irriguées
isidore isidore
isidoro isidoro
islets îlots
ismaili ismaélienne
isobel isobel
isobel isabelle
iturbide iturbide
iwata iwata
jaan jaan
jabez jabez
jacobi jacobi
jacobites jacobites
jacobsen jacobsen
jafar jafar
jainism jaïnisme
jalal jalal
jamming brouillage
jara jara
jardim jardim
jarrod jarrod
jatin jatin
jaxx jaxx
jbl jbl
jenni jenni
jig jig
jilin jilin
jis jis
jockeys jockeys
jodhpur jodhpur
joffre joffre
johanne johanne
joon joon
joong joong
josefa josefa
joyful joyeuse
jps jps
jsa jsa
jule jule
jurado jurado
jus jus
justicia justicia
juxtaposition juxtaposition
jvc jvc
jyllands jyllands
jón jón
jørgensen jørgensen
kaa kaa
kabila kabila
kaduna kaduna
kaen kaen
kafr kafr
kaga kaga
kalle kalle
kamara kamara
kamikaze kamikaze
kamikaze kamikazes
kaminsky kaminsky
kangaroos kangourous
kanna kanna
kansai kansai
kapellmeister kapellmeister
kas kas
kasim kasim
katha katha
kathakali kathakali
katja katja
katrin katrin
kavala kavala
kavita kavita
kayo kayo
kazimierz kazimierz
keener keener
keg fût
kehoe kehoe
keiichi keiichi
keil keil
keke keke
kellerman kellerman
kelli kelli
kemerovo kemerovo
kennebec kennebec
kennesaw kennesaw
kenta kenta
kenyatta kenyatta
keogh keogh
kerber kerber
kessel kessel
ketch ketch
ketchup ketchup
khoury khoury
kickboxer kickboxer
killen killen
kilt kilt
kimono kimono
kindle kindle
kintetsu kintetsu
kirsch kirsch
kirti kirti
kissimmee kissimmee
kleine kleine
knowle knowle
kolar kolar
kolbe kolbe
kom kom
koma koma
koon koon
kops kops
korçë korçë
koszalin koszalin
kraus kraus
krishnamurthy krishnamurthy
kristensen kristensen
kronos kronos
kruševac kruševac
ksenia ksenia
kuang kuang
kumamoto kumamoto
kuna kuna
kunming kunming
kunth kunth
kuntz kuntz
kuntze kuntze
kunz kunz
kuroda kuroda
kurzweil kurzweil
kwok kwok
kwon kwon
kwong kwong
køge køge
lacombe lacombe
lacuna lacune
lah lah
lamarr lamarr
lamentation lamentation
lanceolata lanceolata
landis landis
langa langa
langdon langdon
langhorne langhorne
langkawi langkawi
lanham lanham
larue larue
lassen lassen
latch serrure
latch verrou
latour latour
laughable risible
laure laure
laver laver
lavey lavey
lazer lazer
learjet learjet
lebesgue lebesgue
legitimize légitimer
leiningen leiningen
lejeune lejeune
lemmy lemmy
lemoine lemoine
lenient indulgent
leonel leonel
lett lett
levers leviers
levis levis
lewisham lewisham
lgm lgm
liberalization libéralisation
libero libero
lichtenstein lichtenstein
lido lido
ligands ligands
lightgreen lightgreen
lillie lillie
limbo limbo
limbo limbes
limes limes
limousine limo
limousine limousine
limousine limousines
lindemann lindemann
lindholm lindholm
lionsgate lionsgate
lithuanians lituaniens
llandaff llandaff
lleida lleida
llobregat llobregat
lob lob
loggers bûcherons
lombards lombards
looper looper
loos loos
lorena lorena
lorin lorin
loring loring
lorne lorne
lotteries loteries
lovell lovell
lps lps
ltc ltc
lucan lucan
lucasfilm lucasfilm
lucca lucca
lucrezia lucrezia
ludovic ludovic
ludwik ludwik
luján luján
lumpkin lumpkin
lures leurres
lyell lyell
lévy lévy
lützow lützow
macbride macbride
macdougall macdougall
macedo macedo
mackey mackey
maclachlan maclachlan
macleay macleay
madama madama
madawaska madawaska
maddalena maddalena
maddison maddison
madero madero
madoka madoka
mads mads
maggi maggi
magnesia magnésie
magnets aimants
magritte magritte
mahayana mahayana
mahmood mahmood
mahony mahony
maja maja
makarov makarov
makassar makassar
makati makati
malaise malaise
malaise malaises
mallon mallon
malpractice négligences
malpractice malversations
maltby maltby
mam mam
mamie mamie
manchukuo manchukuo
manheim manheim
manic maniaque
manifesting manifestant
mansour mansour
mantras mantras
marauder maraudeur
margolis margolis
maris maris
marmion marmion
marsa marsa
martello martello
mascots mascottes
massenet massenet
mastiff mastiff
mati mati
matsumura matsumura
maul maul
mavis mavis
mazowiecki mazowiecki
mañana mañana
mbta mbta
mccune mccune
mccurdy mccurdy
mcdonagh mcdonagh
mcfadden mcfadden
mcguigan mcguigan
mckinsey mckinsey
mcknight mcknight
mcmichael mcmichael
mearns mearns
mechanistic mécaniste
meehan meehan
meghalaya meghalaya
megiddo megiddo
megumi megumi
meigs meigs
meine meine
melaleuca melaleuca
mele mele
mellotron mellotron
mendelsohn mendelsohn
mendelson mendelson
meo meo
meryl meryl
mesquite mesquite
metallurgical métallurgique
metallurgical métallurgiques
methanol méthanol
metronome métronome
microtubules microtubules
mielec mielec
milli milli
minecraft minecraft
minion minion
minnelli minnelli
minto minto
miodrag miodrag
miró miró
misaki misaki
misinformation désinformation
mismatch inadéquation
mismatch incohérence
mismatch asymétrie
miwok miwok
mixers batteurs
miyazawa miyazawa
mks mks
mladen mladen
mne mne
modernize moderniser
moen moen
mohr mohr
molyneux molyneux
mommy maman
momo momo
monarchies monarchies
mondadori mondadori
monogatari monogatari
monongahela monongahela
monotonous monotone
montañés montañés
montebello montebello
montero montero
montfort montfort
montmartre montmartre
morava morava
mordaunt mordaunt
morissette morissette
morita morita
mornington mornington
mors mors
moskowitz moskowitz
motherland patrie
motorised motorisé
motorised motorisés
movers déménageurs
mow tondre
mow faucher
mowat mowat
mulligan mulligan
multiracial multiraciale
muna muna
munson munson
muppet muppet
murrow murrow
muskegon muskegon
musketeers mousquetaires
muskets mousquets
mut mut
mutt mutt
myst myst
mythos mythos
nachman nachman
nahum nahum
nain nain
naka naka
nanotubes nanotubes
nao nao
natsume natsume
nazca nazca
necaxa necaxa
nederland nederland
nees nees
neff neff
neglecting négligeant
neglecting négliger
negotiates négocie
negotiators négociateurs
nella nella
nep nep
nephews neveux
nesbitt nesbitt
nettwerk nettwerk
neu neu
neuer neuer
neurology neurologie
newcomb newcomb
newhouse newhouse
newnham newnham
newry newry
niamey niamey
nib plume
nicobar nicobar
nicoll nicoll
nicolson nicolson
nidaros nidaros
nieces nièces
nieuwe nieuwe
nimbus nimbus
nitric nitrique
nomura nomura
norceca norceca
nortel nortel
northcote northcote
notebooks cahiers
notebooks carnets
novell novell
novosti novosti
nová nová
nowe nowe
nsb nsb
nsc nsc
nsc cns
nth nth
nth énième
nucleic nucléique
nuri nuri
nutcracker nutcracker
nutritious nourrissant
nutritious nutritif
nutritious nutritive
nutritious nutritifs
nuñez nuñez
nygaard nygaard
nyman nyman
nzl nzl
oaths serments
oberst oberst
obnoxious odieux
obnoxious odieuse
occupancy occupation
occupant occupant
ochs ochs
ojibwe ojibwé
oleśnica oleśnica
oliphant oliphant
oliva oliva
olsson olsson
omnipresent omniprésence
omnipresent omniprésente
omnipresent omniprésent
onofrio onofrio
oper oper
opposites contraires
opposites opposées
opposites opposés
opts opte
oranje oranje
oratorio oratorio
orazio orazio
ordinal ordinal
orestes oreste
originators initiateurs
oriole oriole
orly orly
orman orman
orville orville
oscillations oscillations
osorno osorno
ossetian ossétie
ossie ossie
ostrich autruche
otaku otaku
otro otro
outermost ultrapériphériques
outrun distancer
ovw ovw
oxidative oxydatif
oxley oxley
paa paa
pahlavi pahlavi
pakenham pakenham
palliser palliser
palmyra palmyra
palustris palustris
pancreatitis pancréatite
pando pando
pant pantalon
paperwork paperasse
papilio papilio
param param
paramilitaries paramilitaires
parham parham
parkin parkin
parliamentarian parlementaire
parnassus parnassus
parthenon parthénon
pascale pascale
pastels pastel
pastels pastels
pasternak pasternak
paternity paternité
paton paton
pats pats
paulet paulet
paulsen paulsen
pauly pauly
pausini pausini
pawns pions
pcc pcc
pedagogy pédagogie
pedals pédales
peder peder
pelosi pelosi
penetrated pénétré
penetrates pénètre
pens stylos
penthouse penthouse
penthouse attique
perches perches
perforated perforation
perforated perforé
perforated perforées
perinatal périnatale
pernicious pernicieux
perpetually perpétuellement
perturbations perturbations
pervert perverse
pervert pervers
perverted perverse
perverted pervers
perú perú
pesos pesos
pfaff pfaff
pge pge
pharoah pharoah
phipps phipps
pho pho
physik physik
phú phú
piatra piatra
pica pica
piemonte piemonte
pierrot pierrot
pil pil
pil esp
pilatus pilatus
pinar pinar
pipa pipa
pipers pipers
pirelli pirelli
pitfalls pièges
pitfalls embûches
pitfalls écueils
placid placid
plaid plaid
platense platense
pogroms pogroms
poincaré poincaré
policymakers décideurs
polio poliomyélite
polio polio
polis polis
politik politik
pollutants polluants
polluting polluer
polluting polluantes
polluting polluant
polluting polluante
polski polski
polyethylene polyéthylène
polygamous polygamie
polygamous polygames
pooh ourson
popup popup
popups popups
porcupine porcupine
postulates postulats
postures postures
potenza potenza
potions potions
potters potiers
pouches sachets
pouches pochettes
poussin poussin
ppr ppr
ppv ppv
prabhu prabhu
praha praha
prd prd
precipitated précipitée
precipitated précipité
precondition prérequis
predisposition prédisposition
predominates prédomine
prefabricated préfabriqués
prefabricated préfabriquées
prescriptions prescriptions
prinia prinia
prius prius
prizren prizren
progreso progreso
proletarian prolétariat
proletarian prolétaire
proms proms
prosecutions poursuites
prosthetic prothèse
proverbs proverbes
provo provo
prowse prowse
pskov pskov
psychosis psychose
pte pte
publ publ
pubmed pubmed
pugh pugh
pugin pugin
pujol pujol
pulver pulver
pungent piquant
pungent piquante
punishable passible
punishable punie
punishable puni
punishable punissable
punishes punit
pursues poursuit
putra putra
putt putt
quds qods
quests quêtes
quirks bizarreries
rabindranath rabindranath
radisson radisson
rafters chevrons
raga raga
rahal rahal
rahm rahm
raith raith
raitt raitt
raking ratisser
ramanujan ramanujan
ramifications ramifications
rampart rampart
rampart rempart
raptor rapace
raptor raptor
rarotonga rarotonga
rasheed rasheed
raskin raskin
rattan osier
rattan rotin
raving délirer
raving délirant
rawdon rawdon
rawhide rawhide
rawls rawls
rayo rayo
rcm mcr
rcm mrc
reap faucher
reap récolter
reaper faucheuse
reaper faucheur
reay reay
reciting réciter
recognisable reconnaissables
recognisable reconnaissable
recruiters recruteurs
redistribute redistribuer
redshift redshift
ree ree
referrals renvois
refractive réfraction
refreshment rafraîchissement
refreshment rafraîchissements
regenerated régénérée
regius regius
rekindle raviver
remoteness éloignement
renate renate
renunciation renonciation
renunciation renoncement
renée renée
repressed refoulé
repressed réprimé
repressed réprimées
repressed réprimée
reproducible reproductible
reproducible reproductibles
republicanism républicanisme
reread relire
reread relu
rescuers sauveteurs
retinal rétinienne
retrosheet retrosheet
rewarding récompenser
rewarding gratifiant
rewrote réécrit
reyna reyna
reynard reynard
rheingold rheingold
rhyolite rhyolite
rickman rickman
rieti rieti
rigby rigby
rincon rincon
rioters émeutiers
ripen mûrir
rives rives
rlfc rlfc
roadrunner roadrunner
roaming itinérance
roast torréfié
roast rôtir
roast rôti
roast rôtis
roasted torréfié
roasted rôti
roasted rôtis
roasted grillées
robby robby
robespierre robespierre
robocop robocop
rochus rochus
rockman rockman
rodez rodez
roemer roemer
rojo rojo
rojos rojos
rolland rolland
rollers rouleaux
rollers galets
rollo rollo
romana romana
rondo rondo
roop roop
rosamund rosamund
rosanna rosanna
roseland roseland
rosita rosita
rox rox
royle royle
rsc rsc
rudar rudar
ruddock ruddock
rudimentary rudimentaires
rudimentary rudimentaire
rudyard rudyard
rushton rushton
rus}} rus}}
rutledge rutledge
ryerson ryerson
rylands rylands
ryukyu ryukyu
saa asa
saadi saadi
saavedra saavedra
sabor sabor
sacraments sacrements
sadr sadr
safavid safavide
saff saff
safi safi
safina safina
sagami sagami
sagebrush sagebrush
sakata sakata
saladin saladin
salas salas
salesian salésien
sallie sallie
salting salage
salto salto
samos samos
sanam sanam
sandal sandale
sanhedrin sanhédrin
santee santee
santosh santosh
sarcastically sarcastique
sark sark
sarnia sarnia
satu satu
sauk sauk
savin savin
sayyid sayyid
scarface scarface
schaefer schaefer
schaller schaller
schon schon
schwarzenberg schwarzenberg
scorpio scorpio
scorpio scorpion
scuffle bagarre
sdp sdp
seaforth seaforth
secreted sécrétée
sede sede
seer voyante
seer voyant
segundo segundo
seimas seimas
seiya seiya
selatan selatan
selden selden
sensations sensations
seon seon
sepals sépales
shabaab shabaab
shaikh shaikh
shakir shakir
shave rasage
shave raser
shave rase
sheba sheba
sherri sherri
shevchenko shevchenko
shimmy shimmy
shipowner armateur
shipowner armateurs
shir shir
shiv shiv
shogakukan shōgakukan
shone brillé
shopper shopper
shou shou
shouted crié
shouted cria
shove fourrer
showroom showroom
shroff shroff
sidwell sidwell
siglo siglo
sigurðsson sigurðsson
sikhism sikhisme
simplification simplification
simplification simplifications
simón simón
siskiyou siskiyou
skateboarding skateboard
skateboards skateboards
skeptic sceptique
skyler skyler
skyscraperpage skyscraperpage
slashdot slashdot
slavko slavko
sleigh traîneau
slipper chaussons
slipper pantoufle
slr reflex
slr slr
slum taudis
slum bidonvilles
slum bidonville
slurry lisier
smack smack
smelt sentait
smiths smiths
smr smr
snaps snaps
snowdon snowdon
snp snp
sobel sobel
sok sok
soledad soledad
solis solis
solvable résoluble
soma soma
soriano soriano
sotho sotho
spangled spangled
sparkle étincelle
sparkle sparkle
sparkle brillent
spasm spasmes
spasm spasme
sperling sperling
spinner spinner
splendor splendeur
sporty sportive
spotify spotify
sprained entorse
springboard tremplin
spurgeon spurgeon
srivastava srivastava
srđan srđan
ssg ssg
stanhope stanhope
stanwyck stanwyck
stare stare
starfire starfire
starkey starkey
stary stary
stauffer stauffer
stax stax
steelworks aciéries
steelworks aciérie
steeple clocher
steinbach steinbach
steinman steinman
stelae stèles
stena stena
stench puanteur
steuart steuart
steyr steyr
stichting stichting
stingray stingray
stingray raie
stipulates stipule
stitching coutures
stocked approvisionné
stocked stockés
stockman stockman
stoker stoker
stoneham stoneham
stopover escale
straightened redressé
stralsund stralsund
strang strang
strayhorn strayhorn
streamline simplifier
streamline rationaliser
striata striata
strider strider
stripper stripteaseuse
strom strom
strongman strongman
strummer strummer
struve struve
stuttgarter stuttgarter
sublimation sublimation
subterranean souterraine
subterranean souterrain
subterranean souterrains
succinct succincte
sucker suceur
suharto suharto
sunbury sunbury
supa supa
superdraft superdraft
superfortress superfortress
supergroup supergroupe
supposing supposons
surfactant tensioactif
surrendering capituler
surya surya
susanne susanne
suter suter
sutjeska sutjeska
sveriges sveriges
swale swale
swapo swapo
swearing jurer
swearing jurons
swimwear maillots
switchboard standard
swp swp
sylva sylva
syme syme
syr syr
taiko taiko
taka taka
takarazuka takarazuka
takayuki takayuki
takeshi takeshi
talavera talavera
taliesin taliesin
talladega talladega
tams tams
tamura tamura
tana tana
tanganyika tanganyika
tangier tanger
tangled emmêlé
tapioca tapioca
tarango tarango
tasted goûté
tasting dégustations
tasting dégustation
tazewell tazewell
technica technica
tejas tejas
temperamental capricieux
tempt tenter
terek terek
terrance terrance
testimonies témoignages
testosterone testostérone
tetsuo tetsuo
tham tham
theophilus theophilus
thong string
thorsten thorsten
throats gorges
thumbnails vignettes
thumbnails miniatures
thurgood thurgood
thyssen thyssen
thérèse thérèse
tierney tierney
tilman tilman
tilton tilton
timeout délai
timeout timeout
timur timur
tivoli tivoli
tlingit tlingit
tmc tmc
tobey tobey
tochigi tochigi
toft toft
tomaszów tomaszów
tondo tondo
toolserver toolserver
toppings garnitures
tosca tosca
toscana toscana
toscano toscano
toshiko toshiko
toshio toshio
totality totalité
tou tou
tovey tovey
townley townley
toxicology toxicologiques
toxicology toxicologique
toxicology toxicologie
tpp tpp
traffickers trafiquants
tran tran
transduction transduction
traoré traoré
traver traver
traverses traverses
treacherous traître
treacherous traîtresse
treacherous perfide
treacherous traîtres
tremblay tremblay
treviño treviño
tropez tropez
troubadour troubadour
tsp tsp
tubby tubby
tubman tubman
tubs baignoires
tuco tuco
tunic tunique
tuolumne tuolumne
tupac tupac
turkestan turkestan
tutoring tutorat
tuxedo smoking
tve tve
tvs télévisions
tvs téléviseurs
tvs télés
tyrannical tyrannique
ucf ucf
uchida uchida
ucr ucr
udall udall
uesugi uesugi
uhuru uhuru
ulithi ulithi
ulmer ulmer
ulrike ulrike
ultraman ultraman
umbrellas parapluies
ump ump
unavoidable inévitable
unavoidable incontournable
unavoidable inévitables
unavoidable inéluctable
unavoidable incontournables
unconsciousness inconscience
undefined indéfinie
undefined indéfini
undeniable indéniable
unexplored inexplorées
unionized syndiqué
unsatisfied insatisfait
unsatisfied insatisfaite
unsatisfied insatisfaits
unstoppable imparable
untenable insoutenable
untenable indéfendable
untenable intenable
untouchable intouchable
untouchable intouchables
unveil dévoile
unveil dévoiler
unworkable impraticable
uplifting édifiant
ura ura
uriel uriel
urquiza urquiza
ursa ursa
uspto uspto
usurpation usurpation
utada utada
uthman uthman
uto uto
valdés valdés
valente valente
valentina valentina
valerius valerius
validating valider
valiente valiente
valuing valorisant
valuing valoriser
vanbrugh vanbrugh
vane vane
vanquished vaincu
vanquished vaincus
vantaa vantaa
variegata variegata
varner varner
varèse varèse
vauban vauban
vaz vaz
vedanta vedanta
venera venera
veneta veneta
versicolor versicolor
vet véto
vet fep
vet vétérinaire
vial fiole
vial flacon
vibes ondes
vibes vibes
vibes vibrations
vibrating vibrer
vibrating vibrant
vibrating vibrante
vibrating vibre
vices vices
vigilant vigilant
vigilant vigilants
vigilant vigilante
vigilante vigilante
vigilante justicier
vigor vigueur
vilaine vilaine
vilas vilas
vilhelm vilhelm
vinod vinod
violette violette
vira vira
virgo virgo
virgo vierge
visibly visiblement
visualize visualiser
viticulture viticulture
vitus vitus
vivace vivace
vodafone vodafone
vomit vomir
vomit vomi
vomit vomit
voracious vorace
vps sdv
vps vps
vries vries
vrije vrije
västerås västerås
waddell waddell
wag wag
waite waite
wald wald
walken walken
walnuts noix
wand baguette
wanganui wanganui
wasserman wasserman
weald weald
wedgwood wedgwood
wein wein
weiser weiser
wendover wendover
weng weng
whack buter
wheatley wheatley
whims caprices
whiskers moustaches
whitefield whitefield
whore pute
widen élargir
wig perruque
wikicode wikicode
wildfires incendies
wildwood wildwood
wilford wilford
winnebago winnebago
wladimir wladimir
wls wls
wolfenbüttel wolfenbüttel
wolfowitz wolfowitz
woodbury woodbury
worf worf
wormwood absinthe
wormwood wormwood
worsening aggravation
wtc wtc
wurlitzer wurlitzer
wuxi wuxi
wye wye
w}} w}}
wólka wólka
xbiz xbiz
xerxes xerxès
xxiii xxiii
xxv xxv
yanow yanow
yasuo yasuo
yasushi yasushi
yeager yeager
yer yer
yiu yiu
yokota yokota
yoshihiro yoshihiro
yusuke yusuke
zang zang
zanjan zanjan
zbl zbl
zdrój zdrój
zealous zélé
zemo zemo
zindagi zindagi
zlín zlín
zwolle zwolle
águilas águilas
æthelred æthelred
élie élie
české české
łęczyca łęczyca
śląski śląski
#no #non
abandonment abandon
abbreviations sigles
abbreviations abréviations
abdel abdel
abdul abdul
abdul abdel
abi abi
absorbed absorbée
absorbed absorbé
absorbed absorbés
absorbing absorber
absorbing absorbant
absorption absorption
abstracts sommaires
abstracts résumés
acc acc
acc cac
accelerator accélérateur
accents accents
accessory accessoire
accidental accidentels
accidental accidentel
accidental accidentelle
accidental accidentellement
accidentally accidentellement
accomplished accompli
accomplished accomplis
accomplished accomplie
accordion accordéon
acknowledged reconnu
acknowledged reconnue
acknowledged reconnus
acm acm
acre hectare
acre acre
activated activées
activated activés
activated activée
activated activé
activation activation
addict drogué
addict accro
addict addict
addict toxicomane
addicted accro
addicted accros
addicted addict
admiralty amirauté
admitting admettre
adobe adobe
adolescent adolescent
adopt adopter
adopt adoptez
adopt adoptent
adultery adultère
advantages avantages
advantages atouts
advised conseillé
advisers conseillers
aero aero
affirmative affirmatif
affirmative affirmative
afghan afghan
afghan afghans
afghan afghane
afrikaans afrikaans
aga aga
agenda agenda
agnes agnès
agnes agnes
aguilera aguilera
aiming viser
aiming visant
aisne aisne
alameda alameda
albania albanie
aleksandr aleksandr
alerts signalements
alerts alertes
alessandro alessandro
alicia alicia
alla alla
allmusic allmusic
allocation allocation
allocation affectation
allocation dotation
allocation attribution
alphabet alphabet
alpine alpin
alpine alpins
alpine alpine
alps alpes
altar autel
alvin alvin
amber amber
amber ambre
amenities commodités
amos amos
ample amplement
ample abondante
ample amples
ample ample
amplifiers amplificateurs
amplifiers amplificateur
anal anal
anal anale
anal sodomie
analytics analytics
analytics analyses
anarchist anarchistes
anarchist anarchiste
anchored ancrée
anchored ancrés
anchored ancré
anders anders
andrea andrea
andreas andreas
andrei andrei
andrei andreï
andres andres
andres andrés
anglia anglia
angry énervé
angry colère
angry furieux
angry furieuse
angry fâché
anniversaries anniversaires
annoyed agacé
annoyed ennuyé
annoyed contrarié
ant ant
ant fourmi
antibiotics antibiotique
antibiotics antibiotiques
anton anton
antony antony
antony antoine
antwerp anvers
apartheid apartheid
appendix appendice
appendix annexe
approached approchée
approached approchés
approached approché
appropriately adéquatement
appropriation appropriation
apt apt
aquinas aquinas
arbor arbor
archaeologist archéologue
archaic archaïques
archaic archaïque
archduke archiduc
archiving archivage
arcs arcs
aria aria
arjun arjun
arlington arlington
armagh armagh
armand armand
armenians arméniens
armor blindage
armor armures
armor armure
armour blindage
armour armures
armour armure
arne arne
arnhem arnhem
arroyo arroyo
arteries artères
articulated articulées
articulated articulée
articulated articulé
articulated articulés
artifacts artefacts
asbestos amiante
ascii ascii
asimov asimov
aspen tremble
aspen trembles
aspen aspen
assam assam
assertion affirmation
assertion assertion
assimilation assimilation
assimilation assimiler
assistants assistants
assistants assistantes
assured assurée
aston aston
astronomers astronomes
astronomical astronomiques
astronomical astronomique
att att
att tca
attachment fixation
attachment attachement
attackers attaquants
attackers assaillants
attackers agresseurs
aubrey aubrey
auditory auditive
auditory auditif
auditory auditives
auguste auguste
augustin augustin
ave ave
avenues avenues
avery avery
avian aviaire
aviator aviateur
awakening éveiller
awakening éveil
awakening réveil
awb awb
axe hache
axe haches
axe axe
babylonian babylonien
backbone dorsale
baggage bagages
baggage bagage
baja baja
baldwin baudouin
baldwin baldwin
banker banquier
banknotes billets
banning bannissement
banning interdisant
bao bao
baptism baptême
barack barack
barbados barbade
barbecue barbecue
barbecue grillades
barnsley barnsley
barons barons
barrie barrie
barron barron
bastard bâtard
bastard salaud
bastard batard
batavia batavia
batista batista
batman batman
battalions bataillons
batter batteur
bayer bayer
bayou bayou
beale beale
bearer porteur
bearer porteuse
bearings roulements
bearings paliers
beasts bêtes
beavers castors
becker becker
beers bières
beers bière
belfast belfast
believers croyants
bello bello
bells cloches
belly ventre
benches bancs
bender beuverie
bender bender
benson benson
bent plié
bent bent
bent courbé
benton benton
berkshire berkshire
bernhard bernhard
bernie bernie
berries baies
biathlon biathlon
bikes bicyclettes
bikes vélos
bilateral bilatéral
bilateral bilatérales
bilateral bilatéraux
bilateral bilatérale
billed facturés
billed facturées
billed facturée
billed facturé
billie billie
billionaire milliardaire
billionaire milliardaires
binds lie
bismarck bismarck
bison bison
bison bisons
blackpool blackpool
blatant flagrants
blatant flagrant
blatant flagrante
blend mélanger
blend mélange
blogger blogger
blogger blogueuse
blogger blogueur
bluff bluffer
bluff bluff
bohemia bohême
bombardment bombardement
bombardment bombardements
bombs bombes
bonds obligations
bookstore librairie
boone boone
booster booster
boots bottines
boots boots
boots bottes
borneo bornéo
bose bose
bosnian bosniaques
bosnian bosniaque
botanists botanistes
bottle bouteille
bottle bouteilles
bottle flacon
bottle biberon
bourgeois bourgeoise
bourgeois bourgeoisie
bourgeois bourgeois
boyd boyd
bra bra
brace accolade
bradbury bradbury
bradley bradley
brakes freins
brakes frein
branching branchement
brant brant
braunschweig braunschweig
breaches violations
breaches brèches
breakers breakers
breakthrough percée
breathing respiration
breathing respirer
breeding élevage
breeding reproducteurs
breeding elevage
breeding reproduction
bremen brème
bremen brême
brescia brescia
brewer brasseur
brewer brewer
brewster brewster
brig brick
brigades brigades
brink précipice
brink brink
brochure brochure
brochure plaquette
brochure dépliant
brooke brooke
browns browns
brunei brunei
brutality brutalité
brutality brutalités
bryce bryce
buck buck
buddha bouddha
buddhists bouddhistes
buffy buffy
bulb ampoule
bulb bulbe
bulk vrac
burbank burbank
burger burger
burger hamburger
burger burgers
burnt brulé
burnt brûlés
burnt brûlées
burnt brûlée
burnt brûlé
burton burton
busch busch
buster buster
bwv bwv
bye bye
bypass contourner
bypass contournement
bypass dérivation
bypass pontage
bypassed contourné
byrne byrne
cabal cabale
cabbage chou
cabbage choux
cache cache
cad asc
cad dao
cad cao
cad cad
cake gateau
cake gâteau
cake gâteaux
cake tourteaux
cake galette
calcium calcium
caldera caldera
calle calle
cambodian cambodgien
cambodian cambodgiens
cambodian cambodgienne
cane cane
cane canne
canons canons
cans bidons
cans canettes
capacitor condensateur
captions légendes
captive captif
captive captive
captive captifs
captive captives
careers carrière
careers carrières
carly carly
carlyle carlyle
carney carney
carolyn carolyn
carr carr
carthage carthage
cartridge cartouche
cartridge cartouches
cas cas
catalunya catalunya
caucasus caucase
cavaliers cavaliers
cdt cdt
ceded cédé
ceded cédée
celia celia
cent cent
centric centrés
centric centré
centric centrée
centric centrées
certainty certitudes
certainty certitude
certificates certificats
cesar cesar
cesar césar
chairperson présidente
chairperson président
challenger challenger
champagne champagne
chandra chandra
chants chants
char char
charcoal charbon
charities bienfaisance
charming charmante
charming charmant
charming charmants
chavez chávez
chavez chavez
checks vérifications
checks chèques
checks contrôles
cheetah guépard
chennai chennai
chew mâche
chew mâcher
chicken poulet
chicken poule
chicken volaille
chicken poulets
chico chico
childbirth accouchements
childbirth accouchement
chloride chlorures
chloride chlorure
chlorine chlore
choctaw choctaw
cholera choléra
cholesterol cholestérol
choosing choisir
chronicle chroniques
chronicle chronique
chu chu
cinderella cendrillon
cine cine
circumcision excision
circumcision circoncision
ciudad ciudad
civilizations civilisations
clare clare
clare claire
clasp fermoir
claudius claudius
clause clause
clearing compensation
clicking cliquer
clicking cliquant
clients clients
climatic climatiques
clint clint
cock queue
cock coq
cock bite
cohen cohen
coincide coïncide
coincide coïncider
coincide coïncident
colegio colegio
collaborate collaborent
collaborate collabore
collaborate collaborer
collaborative collaboratif
collaborator collaborateur
collaborator collaboratrice
collaborators collaborateurs
collector collecteur
collector collectionneur
collector percepteur
collier collier
collège collège
colonization colonisation
colonization colonialisme
coloration coloration
coloring coloriage
colts colts
columbian colombien
columbian colombienne
columbian colombiens
colón colón
comb peigne
combs peignes
comet comètes
comet comète
comets comètes
comfort confort
comfort réconfort
comfort comfort
comfortably confortablement
commandments commandements
commence commencez
commissions commissions
communicating communiquer
communism communisme
communists communistes
compartment compartiment
compass boussole
compass compas
compensated compensé
compensated indemnisé
compensated compensée
compensated compensées
compensated indemnisés
compile compile
compile compilation
compile compiler
compiler compilateur
complaining plaindre
complementary complémentarité
complementary complémentaires
complementary complémentaire
computation calcul
compute calculer
compute calcule
comte comte
concealed dissimulé
concealed dissimulée
conceptual conceptuelle
conceptual conceptuel
conditioned conditionnée
conditioned conditionné
configured configuré
configured configurés
configured configurée
confiscated confisquer
confiscated confisqué
confiscated confisquées
confiscated confisqués
confluence confluence
confluence confluent
confrontation affrontements
confrontation confrontation
confrontation confrontations
confrontation affrontement
congregations congrégations
conjecture conjectures
conjecture conjecture
conn conn
connector connecteurs
connector connecteur
connotations connotations
consecration consécration
constantine constantin
constantine constantine
constantinople constantinople
consul consul
container récipient
container conteneur
contaminated polluée
contaminated contaminée
contaminated contaminées
contaminated contaminés
contaminated contaminé
contempt outrage
contempt mépris
contention contention
contentious litigieuses
contiguous contigus
contiguous contiguës
contingent contingent
continuation continuation
contractor entrepreneur
contractor contractant
contradiction contradictoire
contradiction contradictions
contradiction contradiction
convent couvent
converge converger
converge convergent
convictions condamnation
convictions convictions
convictions condamnations
cooperatives coopératives
coordinates coordonnées
coordinates coordonnés
corey corey
cornerback cornerback
cornwallis cornwallis
coronation sacre
coronation couronnement
coroner coroner
coroner légiste
corp corp
correcting corrigeant
corridors corridors
corridors couloirs
costello costello
costly coûteux
costly coûteuse
costly onéreux
costly coûteuses
costumes déguisements
costumes costumes
countless innombrables
coupling couplage
coupling accouplement
coupling attelage
courtenay courtenay
courtesy courtoisie
courtesy politesse
coveted convoité
crab crabes
crab crabe
crack fissure
crack crack
cracking fissuration
cracking craquage
crambidae crambidae
crashes accidents
credible crédible
credible crédibles
crewe crewe
crises crises
criticised critiquée
criticised critiqué
criticised critiqués
criticizing critiquant
criticizing critiquer
cromwell cromwell
crowned couronnés
crowned couronnée
crowned couronnées
crowned couronné
crusade croisades
crusade croisade
crush écraser
crush béguin
crush broyer
crushing écrasant
crushing écrasement
crushing broyage
crust croûte
crying pleurer
crying pleurant
crying pleure
crying pleurs
cub cub
cuckoo coucou
cullen cullen
cults cultes
cults sectes
cummins cummins
curated organisée
cutler cutler
cuts découpes
cuts coupures
cuts coupes
cyrillic cyrillique
dana dana
dane danois
dane dane
dangers dangers
dani dany
dani dani
daniela daniela
darkness noirceur
darkness pénombre
darkness obscurité
darkness ténèbres
dash dash
dash tirets
dash tiret
dat dat
dealers concessionnaires
dealers dealers
dealers distributeurs
dealers vendeurs
dealers revendeurs
deane deane
debated débattu
debating débattre
deborah deborah
debra debra
decatur decatur
declines décline
declining déclin
deco deco
deco déco
decorative décoratifs
decorative décorative
decorative décoratif
decorative décoratives
defences défenses
defendant accusé
defendant défendeur
defendant accusée
defendants accusés
defendants défendeurs
deficiencies déficiences
deficiencies lacunes
deficiencies carences
deficiencies insuffisances
deficient déficiente
deficient déficient
deficient déficients
defines définit
dei dei
delegates délégués
deletes efface
deletes supprime
deliberate délibérée
deliberate délibérément
deliberate délibéré
delivering livrer
dell dell
demographic démographiques
demographic démographique
demon démon
demon demon
deng deng
denny denny
denominational confessionnelles
denominational confessionnels
dentistry dentisterie
departed défunts
departmental départemental
dependence dépendance
depict dépeindre
depicts dépeint
deploy déploiement
deploy déployer
deploy déploie
deposited déposé
deposited déposée
deposited déposées
deposited déposés
descendants descendance
descendants descendants
deserts déserts
desired désirée
desired désiré
desired souhaités
desired souhaitée
desired souhaité
destructive destructeur
destructive destructeurs
destructive destructrices
destructive destructrice
detachment détachement
detailing détaillant
detection détection
deutscher deutscher
developers promoteurs
developers développeurs
devonshire devonshire
devote consacrer
diabetes diabétique
diabetes diabète
dialog dialogue
diaries carnets
diaries diaries
dias dias
dictionaries dictionnaires
differ diffèrent
dilemma dilemme
dillon dillon
diminished diminué
diminished diminuée
dimitri dimitri
dio dio
diplomat diplomates
diplomat diplomate
dirty cochonne
dirty sale
dirty sales
disagreement désaccord
disagreement désaccords
disappears disparaît
disappears disparait
disco discothèque
disco disco
discoveries découvertes
discredit discréditer
discredit discrédit
disguised déguisée
disguised déguisés
disguised déguisé
dishonest malhonnêtes
dishonest malhonnête
dismantled démantelées
dismantled démantelé
dismantled démonté
dismissal licenciements
dismissal révocation
dismissal licenciement
disorders affections
disorders troubles
dispatched expédiés
dispatched expédiée
dispatched expédié
disposition aliénation
disposition disposition
disrupt perturber
dissent dissidence
distract distraire
distributing distribuer
distributor distributeur
distributor distributeurs
distributors distributeurs
disused désaffectée
divert détourner
divinity divinité
divorced divorcées
divorced divorce
divorced divorcée
divorced divorcé
divorced divorcés
doctoral doctorat
doha doha
dolphin dauphins
dolphin dauphin
domenico domenico
domes dômes
dominating dominant
dominating dominer
dominica dominique
dominique dominique
donegal donegal
donor donateur
donor donateurs
donor donneur
doo doo
doppler doppler
dorian dorian
dormant dormant
dormant dormants
dorothy dorothée
dorothy dorothy
dorset dorset
dos dos
dot dot
downey downey
downhill descente
downing downing
downloadable téléchargeables
downloadable téléchargeable
downloads télécharge
downloads téléchargements
downloads téléchargement
dracula dracula
drafting rédaction
dragons dragons
drain drainer
drain drain
drain vidange
dried séchés
dried séchées
dried séchée
dried séché
drying séchage
drying assèchement
drying sécher
duane duane
dubious douteux
dubious douteuse
dubious douteuses
dubois dubois
dude dude
dude mec
dummy factice
dummy mannequin
dune dune
dupont dupont
durable durable
durable durables
dutton dutton
dwyer dwyer
dying mourante
dying mourir
dying mourant
dynamics dynamiques
dynamics dynamique
díaz díaz
düsseldorf düsseldorf
ears oreilles
ears épis
eaton eaton
echl echl
economically économiquement
economists économistes
edna edna
edt edt
educating éduquer
educators éducateurs
effectiveness efficacité
effectiveness effectivité
eine eine
elect élire
electrification électrification
elektra elektra
elevators ascenseurs
elevators élévateurs
eleventh eleventh
eleventh onzième
ellsworth ellsworth
emails emails
emails courriels
embankment digue
embankment remblai
embodied incarné
embodied incarnée
embryo embryon
embryo embryons
emerge émergent
emerge émerger
emigrated émigré
emigration émigration
emirate émirat
emotionally émotionnellement
emphasize souligner
empowered habilité
empowered habilitée
empress impératrice
encompass englober
encompass englobent
endangered menacées
endangered menacée
endangered menacés
endangered menacé
endurance endurance
endured enduré
enforced forcées
enforced forcée
enhance rehausser
enlightenment illumination
enlisted enrôlé
enlisted enrôlés
enlisted engagé
ensures assure
enterprises entreprises
enthusiasm enthousiasme
enthusiasm enthousiaste
enthusiast enthousiaste
enthusiastic enthousiaste
enthusiastic enthousiastes
entities entités
entrants entrants
environments environnements
enwiki enwiki
equality égalité
equality egalité
equals égale
equals égaux
equals égales
equals égal
equity égalité
equity équité
equivalents équivalentes
equivalents équivalents
eras ères
eras époques
ericsson ericsson
eruption éruption
esa ase
esa esa
escaping échapper
españa españa
esperanto espéranto
esq esq
estimate estimation
estimate devis
estimate estimations
estonian estonienne
estonian estonien
estonian estoniens
eta hap
eta eta
eternity éternité
ethiopia éthiopie
ethiopia ethiopie
europeans européens
evaluation évaluation
evaluation evaluation
evasion évasion
evelyn evelyn
evelyn evelyne
evident évident
evident évidente
exam examen
excessive excessif
excessive excessifs
excessive excessive
exhaustion épuisement
exhaustive exhaustive
exhaustive exhaustifs
exhaustive exhaustif
exhibit exposer
exhibit exposition
expansive expansive
expeditionary expéditionnaire
experimenting expérimenter
expiry expiration
explodes explose
exploration prospection
exploration exploration
expressive expressif
expulsion expulsion
expulsion expulsions
exterior extérieurs
exterior extérieur
exterior extérieures
exterior exterieur
exterior extérieure
extinction extinction
extraterrestrial extraterrestre
extraterrestrial extraterrestres
ezra ezra
fabio fabio
fabrics tissus
fabrics toiles
facial faciale
facial visage
facial facial
faction faction
falco falco
falcon falcon
falcon faucon
falsely faussement
farrell farrell
fascinated fasciné
fascinated fascinée
faust faust
favoured favorisé
favoured favorisés
fayetteville fayetteville
feat exploit
feat prouesse
federated fédérés
feldman feldman
fences clôtures
fenton fenton
ferdinand ferdinand
ferenc ferenc
ferrer ferrer
filters filtres
filters filtre
finalists finalistes
financing financement
financing financements
findings constatations
findings conclusions
finn finn
fiona fiona
fips fips
fir sapin
fireplace cheminée
fireplace foyer
fireplace cheminées
fis fis
flank flanc
flattened aplati
fleeing fuyant
flip retournement
flip flip
float flotteurs
float flottant
float flotteur
float flotter
floating flottant
floating flottants
floating flotter
floating flottante
flock troupeau
flooded inondée
flooded inondées
flooded inondé
flooded inondés
flotilla flottille
fokker fokker
folklore folklorique
folklore folklore
footwear chaussure
footwear chaussures
fordham fordham
formulas formules
formulated formulée
formulated formulé
formulated formulés
formulated formulées
formulation formulation
forte forte
forts forts
fortunate chanceux
fortunes fortunes
fortunes fortune
forums forums
fourteenth fourteenth
fourteenth xive
fourteenth quatorzième
franchises franchises
franck franck
frankfurt frankfurt
frankfurt francfort
frans frans
freedoms libertés
freelance indépendant
freelance freelance
freshwater douce
freud freud
frey frey
fries frites
fries frite
fritz fritz
frontal frontal
frontal frontale
fronts fronts
fuels combustibles
fuels carburants
fujiwara fujiwara
fulfill accomplir
fuller fuller
fung fung
fur fourrure
fur fourrures
fur pelage
furious furieux
furious furieuse
furnace four
furnace fournaise
furnace chaudière
furnace fourneau
gael gael
gaga gaga
gaius gaius
gaius caius
gala gala
galatasaray galatasaray
galway galway
gambling jeu
gan gan
gandhi gandhi
garage garage
garage garages
gareth gareth
garry garry
garter jarretière
garth garth
gastrointestinal gastro
gather rassembler
gdańsk gdansk
geek geek
geek intello
generalization généralisation
generalization généraliser
generating générer
genetics génétique
genie génie
gentry noblesse
gentry aristocratie
gentry gentry
geologist géologue
geologist géologues
geology géologie
georg georg
ger ger
gfdl gfdl
ghent gand
ghetto ghetto
ghosts fantômes
giano giano
gibraltar gibraltar
gif gif
gigantic gigantesques
gigantic gigantesque
ginger gingembre
ginger rousse
ginger ginger
ginger roux
giuseppe giuseppe
glamorgan glamorgan
gland glande
glide glide
glide glisse
glory glorieux
glory gloire
glory glory
gloucester gloucester
goddess déesses
goddess déesse
goldberg goldberg
golfer golfeur
gonzaga gonzaga
gonzalez gonzalez
gonzalez gonzález
gonzález gonzález
gonzález gonzalez
gorman gorman
gould gould
govern régissent
govern gouverner
govern gouverne
govern gouvernent
grateful reconnaissant
grateful reconnaissants
grateful reconnaissante
gravel gravier
gravel graviers
gravity gravitation
gravity pesanteur
gravity gravité
grazing pâturage
grazing pâturages
grazing pâture
grazing paître
greer greer
gregorio gregorio
grenade grenade
grenade grenades
grenades grenades
grief deuil
grief chagrin
griffith griffith
grimes grimes
grip grip
grip poigne
grip poignée
grossman grossman
grounded punie
grouped regroupé
grouped groupés
grouped groupé
grouped groupées
grouped regroupés
grouping groupement
grouping regroupement
grover grover
guan pénélope
guan guan
guatemala guatemala
guatemala guatémaltèque
guido guido
guilt culpabilité
guise guise
guitarists guitaristes
gunboat canonnière
gunners artilleurs
gérard gérard
góra góra
hackett hackett
hadith hadith
halle halle
hamlets hameaux
hammer marteaux
hammer hammer
hammer marteau
hammer maillet
handball handball
handful poignée
handles poignées
handy maniable
hangzhou hangzhou
hank hank
hanna hanna
hanson hanson
haq haq
hardcore hardcore
hardcore hard
harding harding
harlan harlan
harmful nuisibles
harmful nocif
harmful nocives
harmful nuisible
harmon harmon
harp harpe
harper harper
harpercollins harpercollins
hastings hastings
hasty hâtive
hawaiian hawaïenne
hawaiian hawaïen
hayward hayward
header entête
headings rubriques
hears entend
heats coulées
heidi heidi
helens helens
helmet casques
helmet casque
henderson henderson
henning henning
henri henri
herbal herbes
herbie herbie
herbs herbes
hercules hercules
hercules hercule
hernández hernández
heroin héroïne
hezbollah hezbollah
hibernian hibernian
hicks hicks
higgins higgins
highland highland
highland highlands
hinduism hindouisme
hindus hindous
hiram hiram
hires embauche
hires engage
hmm hmm
hmm humm
hmm hmmm
hobart hobart
hobbs hobbs
homework devoirs
honesty honnêteté
honoured honorées
honoured honorée
honoured honorés
honoured honoré
hopper hopper
hopper trémie
horseshoe horseshoe
horticulture horticulture
horticulture horticole
horticulture horticoles
hospitality hospitalité
hou hou
houghton houghton
hove hove
howie howie
hua hua
huang huang
hubert hubert
huff huff
humanist humaniste
humanist humanistes
humanoid humanoïde
humor humour
hunger faim
hurts blesse
hussein hussein
hwa hwa
hyde hyde
hydrogen hydrogène
iar iar
iata iata
iberian ibérique
ibm ibm
icons icônes
ict ict
ict tic
ideology idéologie
ideology idéologique
ideology idéologies
iglesias iglesias
ign ign
ignores ignore
illicit illicites
illicit illicite
ima ima
imho imho
immunity immunités
immunity immunité
impeachment destitution
implement implémenter
implicated impliqué
implicated impliqués
implicated impliquée
implicitly implicitement
import importation
import importer
import importations
imports importations
impress épater
impress impressionne
impress impressionner
improvisation impro
improvisation improvisation
impulse impulsif
impulse pulsion
impulse impulsions
impulse impulsion
inactivated inactivé
inadequate insuffisant
inadequate inadapté
inadequate insuffisants
inadequate inadéquat
inadequate insuffisante
inclusive inclusif
inclusive inclusive
incorporating incorporant
indications indications
indicative indicatif
indicative indicative
ineffective inefficacité
ineffective inefficace
ineffective inefficaces
ineligible inadmissibles
ineligible inéligibles
inevitably inévitablement
inevitably fatalement
infectious infectieux
infectious contagieux
infectious infectieuses
infectious infectieuse
inflammation inflammatoire
inflammation inflammation
inflammation inflammations
informative instructif
informative informative
informative informatif
inherently intrinsèquement
inhibitors inhibiteurs
inhibits inhibe
initiatives initiatives
injustice injustice
injustice injustices
inquiries enquêtes
ins ins
inscriptions inscriptions
inserted insérée
inserted insérées
inserted inséré
inserted insérés
inserts insère
insisted insisté
institut institut
insulted insultée
insulted insulté
insulting insulter
insulting insulte
insulting insultant
insurgency insurrection
insurgency insurgés
integer entière
integer entiers
integer entières
integer entier
interchangeable interchangeable
interchangeable interchangeables
interference interférence
interference ingérence
interference interférences
interfering interférence
interfering ingérence
interfering interférer
intern stagiaire
intern interne
internationale internationale
interpretations interprétations
intestinal intestin
intestinal intestinaux
intestinal intestins
intestinal intestinale
intestinal intestinal
intimidation intimidation
intimidation intimider
intimidation intimidations
introductory introductif
introductory liminaire
invariant invariant
inventor inventeur
inverted inversés
inverted inversées
inverted inversée
inverted inversé
investigating enquêter
ionic ionique
ionic ioniques
irb irb
irene irene
irene irène
iris iris
irony ironique
irony ironie
irrational irrationnel
irrational irrationnelle
irs fisc
irs irs
irvine irvine
isla isla
isotope isotopique
isotope isotope
isp fai
isp isp
ita ita
itn itn
izmir izmir
jalisco jalisco
jamie jamie
janice janice
jar pot
jar jarre
jar bocal
jared jared
jarvis jarvis
javascript javascript
javelin javelot
jaw mâchoire
jelly confiture
jelly jelly
jelly gelée
jen jen
jenkins jenkins
jennifer jennifer
jenny jenny
jeremiah jérémie
jeremiah jeremiah
jesús jesús
jew juif
jfk jfk
jimbo jimbo
johns johns
joo joo
joshi joshi
josiah josiah
journalistic journalistique
joyce joyce
jpeg jpeg
juilliard juilliard
jumper pull
jumper sauteur
jumper jumper
junta junte
jupiter jupiter
józef józef
kabul kaboul
kano kano
kanye kanye
kassel kassel
katy katy
kay kay
kaye kaye
keeper gardien
keeper détenteur
keller keller
kelley kelley
khorasan khorasan
khz khz
kilometers kilomètres
kilometers kilomètre
kilometers kilométrage
kilometre kilomètre
kimball kimball
kin kin
kindness amabilité
kindness gentillesse
kindness bonté
kingdoms royaumes
kingsley kingsley
kingston kingston
kirsten kirsten
klan klan
knocking frapper
knox knox
kobayashi kobayashi
kosovo kosovo
krai kraï
kreis kreis
labelled étiquetés
labelled étiqueté
lama lama
lame naze
lame boiteux
lanes voies
lao lao
larouche larouche
larsson larsson
lasers lasers
launchers lanceurs
laurence laurence
laurence laurent
lavish somptueux
lawsuits poursuites
lawsuits procès
leaflets dépliants
leak fuite
leak fuites
leaked divulgué
leiden leyde
leon léon
leon león
leon leon
leonid leonid
lesions lésions
lesotho lesotho
lessons leçons
lessons enseignements
levant levant
lexical lexicale
leyte leyte
liberalism libéralisme
libertadores libertadores
libre libre
libretto livret
lieutenants lieutenants
lifts ascenseurs
lifts remontées
lifts élévateurs
likes aime
liking aimer
lillian lillian
limassol limassol
limerick limerick
lineage lignée
litigation contentieux
litigation litiges
litigation litige
liturgical liturgique
lizzie lizzie
lizzie lizzy
loads charges
loads chargements
loaned prêtée
loaned prêté
loaned prêtés
lobos lobos
locale locale
localities localités
locating localiser
locker casier
logical logique
logical logiques
lon lon
londonderry londonderry
longevity longévité
longitude longitude
lookout belvédère
lookout guet
loosely vaguement
lore lore
loren loren
loud bruyant
loud bruyante
louie louie
louisville louisville
loves aime
loves amours
loves adore
loyola loyola
lublin lublin
lucie lucie
lucky chanceux
lucky chanceuse
lucky lucky
lucky veinard
lucrative lucratif
lucrative lucratifs
lucrative lucrative
lucrative lucratives
luigi luigi
lung poumon
lung pulmonaire
lung lung
lung poumons
lush luxuriante
lust désir
lust luxure
luxurious luxueuses
luxurious luxueux
luxurious luxueuse
lviv lviv
lyle lyle
lyric lyrique
maclean maclean
macmillan macmillan
macro macroéconomique
macro macro
macro macros
madness folie
madness démence
maestro maestro
magdeburg magdebourg
magellan magellan
maid servante
malay malaisien
malay malais
malaysian malaisien
malaysian malaisienne
mammalian mammifère
mammoth mammouth
mandate mandat
mandates mandats
manfred manfred
mango mangues
mango mango
mango mangue
manipulated manipulée
manipulated manipulées
manipulated manipulé
manipulated manipulés
manners manières
manners mœurs
mansion manoir
marconi marconi
margins marges
marking marquages
marking marquage
marking balisage
marley marley
marsh marécage
marsh marais
marsh marsh
marta marta
martina martine
martina martina
martinez martinez
martinez martínez
martini martini
martyrs martyrs
marx marx
marxist marxiste
maría maría
masonic maçonnique
masonry maçonnerie
massey massey
massif massif
mathematicians mathématiciens
matrices matrices
mats nattes
mats mats
maud maud
maurer maurer
maverick maverick
maxim maxime
maxim maxim
mayer mayer
maynard maynard
mayo mayo
mayo mayonnaise
mazda mazda
mccartney mccartney
mcdermott mcdermott
mcfarland mcfarland
mcintosh mcintosh
mckenna mckenna
mckinley mckinley
mcmanus mcmanus
meaningful significative
meaningful significatif
measuring mesurage
measuring mesurer
measuring mesure
meath meath
mechanic mécano
mechanic mécanicien
medalist médaillé
mega méga
mega mega
mein mein
melanie melanie
melanie mélanie
melrose melrose
melt fondu
melt fondre
membranes membranes
memoir mémoires
mendelssohn mendelssohn
mergers fusions
mergers concentrations
merlin merlin
merton merton
meta meta
meta méta
metaphor métaphore
metaphor métaphores
meteorology météorologie
mhz mhz
middleton middleton
midland midland
midlands midlands
mifflin mifflin
migrate migrer
migrate migrent
migrated migré
militants militants
milky lactée
milky laiteux
millennia millénaires
minds esprits
mineral minéral
mineral minéraux
mineral minérales
ministerial ministérielle
ministerial ministériel
misleading trompeur
misleading fallacieux
misleading trompeuses
misleading trompeuse
mit mit
mitochondrial mitochondriale
modem modem
modem moderne
moderated modéré
moderated modérés
moderated modérer
moderately moyennement
moderately modérément
modernist moderniste
modification modification
modules modules
moffat moffat
mohawk mohawk
mojo mojo
mole taupe
mole mole
mom mère
mom mom
mom maman
monastic monastique
mondays lundi
mondays lundis
monroe monroe
mons mons
mont mont
monte monte
montevideo montevideo
montréal montréal
moody lunatique
moody moody
moreno moreno
mori mori
moritz moritz
morphological morphologiques
mort mort
mortal mortels
mortal mortel
mortal mortelle
mosaic mosaïques
mosaic mosaïque
mosques mosquées
mosquito moustiques
mosquito moustique
motives motivations
motives motifs
motorized motorisé
motorized motorisés
motorized motorisée
mounds monticules
mri irm
mueller mueller
muller müller
muller muller
multicultural multiculturel
multicultural multiculturelle
multicultural multiculturelles
multilingual multilingues
multilingual multilinguisme
multilingual multilingue
multitude multitude
mural murale
mural fresque
mural mural
murdoch murdoch
mushrooms champignons
mushrooms champignon
mussolini mussolini
mutually mutuellement
myanmar myanmar
myanmar birmanie
mysterious mystérieuses
mysterious mystérieux
mysterious mystérieuse
münchen münchen
naive naïf
naive naïfs
naive naïve
namesake homonyme
nano nano
napa napa
napoli naples
napoli napoli
nara nara
narayana narayana
narrated rapporté
narrated raconté
narrated relaté
narrated racontée
nash nash
nat nat
nativity nativité
nativity crèche
nauru nauru
nautical nautique
nautical nautiques
nazionale nazionale
nectar nectar
neill neill
nelly nelly
nerve nerveuses
nerve nerf
nerves nerfs
nes nda
nes nes
networking réseaux
networking réseautage
networking réseau
neural neural
newtown newtown
nichols nichols
nickel nickel
nicknamed surnommé
nicknamed surnommée
nicola nicola
niece nièce
nigel nigel
niigata niigata
nil néant
nil nil
nile nil
nineteen nineteen
nineteenth xixe
nineteenth nineteenth
nominal nominale
nominal nominal
nordic nordiques
nordic nordique
nose nez
nostalgia nostalgie
nostalgia nostalgique
notation notation
noteworthy remarquable
noteworthy notables
noun noun
novice novices
novice débutante
novice novice
nuestra nuestra
nye nye
nyt nyt
oasis oasis
objectively objectivement
obscured obscurci
observatory observatoires
observatory observatoire
observer observateurs
observer observateur
observer observatrice
occupants occupants
occupations professions
oceania océanie
ode ode
odyssey odyssée
odyssey odyssey
offense offense
ola ola
ollie ollie
omaha omaha
omit omettre
ons ons
opaque opacité
opaque opaque
opaque opaques
opel opel
opp opp
ops spo
ops ops
optimal optimal
optimal optimum
optimal optimale
optimum optimal
optimum optimales
optimum optimum
optimum optimale
orchestrated orchestrée
orchestrated orchestré
organize organisent
organize organiser
originals originaux
orléans orléans
ornaments parures
ornaments ornements
orphanage orphelinat
orphanage orphelinats
orr orr
orton orton
osprey osprey
ostensibly ostensiblement
ousted évincé
ousted congédié
outing sortie
outskirts périphérie
outskirts banlieue
overhaul refonte
oversee superviser
oversees supervise
overthrow renverser
packages forfaits
packages paquets
pairing couplage
palau palaos
palma palma
panamanian panaméen
papa papa
para para
parades défilés
parades parades
paranoia parano
paranoia paranoïaque
paranoia paranoïa
parity parité
parity parités
participates participe
partisan partisanes
partisan partisan
partisan partisane
partizan partizan
paso paso
paste coller
paste colle
paste pâte
patriarchal patriarcat
patriarchal patriarcales
patriarchal patriarcale
patricia patricia
patriot patriote
patriot patriotes
patriot patriotique
patriot patriot
patriotism patriotisme
paving pavage
payne payne
paz paz
pba pba
pci pci
pci icp
pea pois
peck peck
peerage peerage
peerage pairie
peers pairs
pei pei
pelican pélican
penal pénale
penal pénal
peninsular péninsule
penny penny
percy percy
pereira pereira
perimeter périmètre
periodically périodiquement
periphery périphérie
permanently définitivement
persia perse
persistence persévérance
persistence persistance
persistence obstination
persistence persistant
pest ravageurs
pest parasite
pest peste
pest pest
pest nuisibles
petals pétales
petite petite
pharaoh pharaon
pharmaceutical pharmaceutique
philharmonic philharmonique
phosphate phosphate
phosphate phosphates
phosphorus phosphore
phyllis phyllis
pia pia
pill pilules
pill comprimé
pill pilule
pipes tuyauterie
pipes pipes
pipes tuyaux
pir pir
piracy piratage
piracy piraterie
pitchfork fourche
pits fosses
pitt pitt
planar planaire
platoon peloton
playwright dramaturge
plc plc
pleasant agréable
pleasant plaisant
plovdiv plovdiv
plumage plumage
plurality pluralisme
plurality pluralité
policemen policiers
pollock pollock
polly polly
polydor polydor
polynomial polynôme
popularly populairement
poses poses
poses pose
possessed possédé
possessed possédée
possessed possédés
posterior postérieure
posterior postérieur
pot pot
potatoes patates
potts potts
pounder pounder
powell powell
powys powys
practitioners praticiens
prasad prasad
preach prêcher
preach prêche
precisely justement
precisely précisément
precision précision
predecessors prédécesseurs
preface préface
prejudice préjudice
prejudice préjugé
prejudice préjugés
premium prime
premium primes
premium premium
prescribed prescrits
prescribed prescrites
prescribed prescrite
prescribed prescrit
presently présentement
presiding présider
presiding préside
pressed pressé
pressed pressée
pressed pressés
pressed pressées
pressed appuyé
presses presses
prevented empêchée
prevented empêché
preview aperçu
primitive primitives
primitive primitif
primitive primitifs
primitive primitive
princes princes
printers imprimeurs
printers imprimantes
printers imprimeries
priorities priorités
priory prieuré
problematic problématique
problematic problématiques
proclamation proclamation
prodigy prodige
progressively progressivement
prometheus prométhée
prompt prompt
prompt invite
pronounced prononcée
pronounced prononcé
pronounced prononcés
pronunciation prononciation
propellant propulseur
propellant propergol
prophecy prophétie
prophecy prophéties
proponent promoteur
proponent initiateur
proposes propose
prostate prostate
prostitution prostitution
protections protections
protested protesté
proto proto
prototypes prototypes
proud fier
proud fière
proud fiers
proud orgueilleux
proud fières
proven prouvés
proven prouvées
proven prouvée
proven éprouvé
proven démontré
proven prouvé
provisional provisoire
provisional provisoires
provoked provoqués
provoked provoqué
provoked provoquée
provoked provoquées
prowess prouesses
prowess prouesse
psyche psyché
psychic voyante
psychic psychique
psychic psychiques
psychic médium
pueblo pueblo
puget puget
puppet pantin
puppet marionnette
puppet marionnettes
purchasing achats
purchasing achat
purdue purdue
puzzle puzzle
puzzle énigme
quadratic quadratique
qualifies qualifie
quarterback quarterback
quarterback quaterback
quechua quechua
quotation cotation
quotation citation
quotation devis
racine racine
racism racisme
radial radiale
radial radial
radically radicalement
rage fureur
rage colère
rage rage
rahman rahman
rallied rallié
rallies rassemblements
rallies rallyes
ramesh ramesh
ramos ramos
rana rana
randolph randolph
randomly aléatoirement
ratified ratifiées
ratified ratifiée
ratified ratifié
ratified ratifiés
ratios ratios
raven corbeau
raven raven
razavi razavi
reacted réagi
realizing réalisant
rebuild rebâtir
rebuild reconstruire
recap récapitulation
receipt réception
receipt reçu
receipt récépissé
receiver récepteur
receiver destinataire
receiver receveur
receptor récepteur
recited récité
reclamation revalorisation
recommendation recommandation
recommendation recommandations
reconcile concilier
reconcile réconcilier
recover récupèrent
recover récupérer
recreational récréatif
recreational récréatives
redemption rédemption
redemption rachat
redevelopment réaménagement
redwood redwood
reefs récifs
reflex réflexe
reflex reflex
reflex réflexes
reformed réformé
reformed réformée
reformers réformateurs
refugee réfugiés
refugee réfugiées
refugee réfugiée
refugee réfugié
refuted réfuté
regain regagner
regeneration régénération
regiments régiments
regis régis
regis regis
regret regrette
regret regret
regret regrets
regret regretter
regulated régulé
regulated réglementé
regulated réglementés
regulated réglementée
reinhard reinhard
reinstated réintégré
relaxed détendue
relaxed détendu
relaxed décontractée
reliability fiabilité
remakes remakes
render rendre
render rendu
renders rend
rent loyer
rent louer
reopen rouvert
reopen rouvrir
reopen réouverture
reorganized réorganisée
reorganized réorganisé
rep rep
rep rép
replay replay
replay rejouer
reporters reporters
reporters journalistes
republished republié
reputable réputé
reputable réputée
requesting demandant
requiring nécessitant
reset réinitialiser
reset réinitialisation
resided résidé
resided résidait
resided résidaient
resonance résonance
responding répondant
rested reposé
rested reposée
restraint retenue
restraint contention
restructuring restructurations
restructuring restructurer
restructuring restructuration
ret ret
retention rétention
retention maintien
retribution punition
retribution châtiment
retribution représailles
retribution rétribution
revelation révélation
revelation révélations
revenues revenus
reversible réversibles
reversible réversible
reviewers examinateurs
revise réviser
revue revue
reward récompenser
reward récompense
rewriting réécriture
rewriting réécrire
rey rey
rhino rhinocéros
rhino rhino
rhodesia rhodésie
rhymes rime
rhymes rimes
rhythms rythmes
richland richland
ridges crêtes
rifles fusils
rifles carabines
riga riga
rijeka rijeka
ripped déchiré
ripped arraché
ripped déchirés
ripped déchirée
risks risques
ritter ritter
rivera rivera
rizal rizal
robins robins
robyn robyn
rochdale rochdale
roche roche
rockets roquettes
rockets roquette
rockets fusées
rodents rongeur
rodents rongeurs
roderick roderick
rodgers rodgers
rojas rojas
ropes cordages
ropes cordes
rosenberg rosenberg
rothschild rothschild
rotor rotor
rotten pourris
rotten pourri
rotten pourrie
rotterdam rotterdam
rss rss
rubens rubens
rudder gouvernail
rude impoli
rude grossier
rude grossiers
rude rude
rufus rufus
rui rui
rulers souverains
rulers dirigeants
rusty rusty
rusty rouillée
rusty rouillé
ruth ruth
sabine sabine
sabre sabre
sacramento sacramento
sahara sahara
sail voiles
sail voilier
sail voile
sail naviguer
sailor marin
sailor matelot
sails voiles
sakura sakura
salaam salaam
salaam salam
salad salades
salad salade
salaries salaires
sally sally
sami sami
sami samis
sami same
sana sana
sanction sanctionner
sanction sanction
sarawak sarawak
sardinia sardaigne
saskatoon saskatoon
saturated saturée
saturated saturées
saturated saturé
saturated saturés
saud saud
savannah savannah
savannah savane
savings économies
savings épargnes
savings épargne
sax sax
sax saxophone
sax saxo
saxe saxe
scanned scanné
scarborough scarborough
scared peur
scared trouille
scared effrayée
scared effrayé
scars cicatrices
scars cicatrice
schedules horaires
scheduling ordonnancement
schizophrenia schizophrénie
schizophrenia schizophrène
scholarly érudit
schwartz schwarz
schwartz schwartz
scot scot
scrap débris
scrap ferraille
scrap rebuts
scrap ferrailles
scratch scratch
scratch griffe
scratch gratter
scratch égratignure
screams hurlements
screams cris
scripture ecriture
sculptors sculpteurs
sculptures sculptures
seamen marins
seated assise
seated assis
sebastián sebastián
sec sec
secretly secrètement
secular séculaire
secular laïque
secular laïcité
secular laïques
secular laïcs
secured sécurisée
secured sécurisés
secured sécurisées
secured sécurisé
seismic sismique
seismic sismiques
seizure saisie
seizure saisies
seizures saisies
seizures crises
selectively sélectivement
selector sélecteur
sells vend
seminal séminal
sendai sendai
sensation sensation
sensation sensations
separatist séparatistes
separatist séparatiste
serbs serbes
serpent serpent
serum sérum
serum sérique
severely gravement
severely sévèrement
seville séville
seville seville
sexes sexes
shaded ombré
shady louche
shady glauque
shamrock shamrock
shamrock trèfle
shan shan
shanxi shanxi
sharks requins
sharks requin
sharma sharma
sharon sharon
shawn shawn
sheds hangars
sheen sheen
sheep moutons
sheep mouton
sheep brebis
sheep ovins
sheila sheila
shelters abris
shelters refuges
shipwreck épave
shipwreck naufrage
shirley shirley
shizuoka shizuoka
shocking choquante
shocking choquer
shocking choquant
shocking choquantes
shoemaker cordonnier
shores rivages
shores rives
shortages pénurie
shortages pénuries
shoulder épaules
shoulder épaule
showcasing présentant
shrines sanctuaires
shuffle shuffle
shuffle mélanger
shuttle shuttle
shuttle navette
shuttle navettes
sidi sidi
sigmund sigmund
sikh sikh
sikh sikhs
silas silas
silesia silésie
silk soie
silk soies
sim sim
similarity similitude
similarity ressemblance
similarity ressemblances
similarity similarité
simulated simulées
simulated simulé
simulated simulée
simulated simuler
sinatra sinatra
sincere sincère
sincere sincères
sine sinus
sine sine
singleton singleton
sinister sinistre
sinister sinistres
sink évier
sink lavabo
sink couler
sinks lavabos
sino sino
sizes grandeurs
sizes tailles
sizes taille
skaters patineurs
skeletons squelettes
skip saut
skip skip
skip ignorer
skip sauter
skip saute
slaughter abattage
slender mince
slide slide
slide glisser
slide glisse
sliding glisse
sliding coulissante
sliding coulissantes
sliding coulissant
sliding glissant
slim slim
slim mince
slim minces
slogans slogans
sly sournoise
sly rusé
sly sly
sly sournois
smell odeurs
smell odeur
smell odorat
smiley smiley
smiley souriant
smoked fumées
smoked fumée
smoked fumé
smoked fumés
smoky smoky
snails escargots
soares soares
solos solos
songwriters compositeurs
sonic sonic
sonic sonique
sonny sonny
sonny fiston
soprano soprano
sorority sororité
sorted trié
sorted triés
sorts trie
souvenir souvenir
soy soya
soy soja
soyuz soyouz
spacecraft vaisseau
spaghetti spaghetti
spaghetti spaghettis
spalding spalding
spare rechange
spare épargner
spark étincelles
spark étincelle
spawn spawn
specializes spécialise
specimens spécimens
spectra spectres
spectra spectre
speeches discours
speeches allocutions
speeches interventions
spheres sphères
spherical sphériques
spherical sphérique
spitfire spitfire
spl spl
splash splash
splash éclaboussures
sponsorship mécénat
sponsorship parrainage
sponsorship commandite
sponsorship commandites
spontaneous spontané
spontaneous spontanément
spontaneous spontanés
spontaneous spontanée
spontaneous spontanées
sporadic sporadique
sporadic sporadiques
spotlight projecteur
spotlight projecteurs
spreading propagation
spreading étalement
spreading répandre
spreading épandage
springsteen springsteen
spy espion
spy espionne
spy espionner
spy espions
spy espionnage
sta sta
stabilized stabilisées
stabilized stabilisée
stabilized stabilisé
stabilized stabilisés
stacey stacey
stain teinté
stain tache
stain teinture
staircase escalier
stakeholders intervenants
stalin staline
stanza strophe
starters entrées
statute statuts
statute statut
stdinchikey stdinchikey
steep raide
steep raides
steep abrupte
stefano stefano
stein stein
stellar stellaire
stereotypes stéréotypes
stereotypes stéréotype
sticks baguettes
sticks bâtons
sticks bâtonnets
stimulate stimuler
stimulated stimulé
stimulated stimulée
stoke stoke
stolen volée
stolen volées
stolen volé
stolen volés
stolen dérobée
strand volet
strand brin
strauss strauss
strengthened renforcé
strengthened renforcés
strengthened renforcée
strengthened renforcées
stretched étiré
strikes frappes
strikes grèves
stronghold bastion
stronghold forteresse
structured structurés
structured structuré
structured structurées
structured structurée
stuck coincée
stuck coincé
stuffed farcis
stuffed farci
stuffed farcies
stuffed peluche
stuffed fourrés
submit soumettre
substance substance
substituted remplacé
substituted substitué
subway métro
successive successifs
successive successives
sudanese soudanaise
sudanese soudanais
sudanese soudanaises
sui sui
suk suk
summaries synthèses
summaries résumés
summaries sommaires
summits sommets
sunderland sunderland
sunken englouti
superfamily superfamille
supernova supernova
supervision supervision
supervision surveillance
supplemental supplémentaire
suppressed réprimé
surat surat
sutton sutton
suzuki suzuki
sweetheart chérie
symbolic symboliques
symbolic symbolique
symmetric symétriques
symmetric symétrique
symmetrical symétriques
symmetrical symétrique
symptom symptôme
syn syn
synthetic synthétiques
synthetic synthétique
systematic systématique
systematic systématiquement
systematic systématiques
systematically systématiquement
szczecin szczecin
tablet tablette
tablet comprimé
tablet comprimés
tagalog tagalog
tagging balisage
tagging marquage
taiwanese taiwanais
taiwanese taïwan
taiwanese taïwanais
tandem tandem
tanner tanner
tapestry tapisserie
tapestry tapisseries
tara tara
tatiana tatiana
tau tau
taurus taureau
taurus taurus
tchaikovsky tchaïkovski
tchaikovsky tchaikovsky
teachings enseignements
technicians techniciens
tel tél
tel tel
telford telford
teller teller
temp température
temp intérimaire
temp temp
temp intérim
templar templiers
tends tend
termination cessation
termination résiliation
termination terminaison
termination licenciement
terre terre
terri terri
terrorists terroristes
textcolor textcolor
tfd tfd
theologian théologien
theresa theresa
thermodynamics thermodynamique
thessaloniki salonique
thessaloniki thessalonique
thickness épaisseur
thickness épaisseurs
thistle chardon
thor thors
thor thor
thorpe thorpe
thoughtful attentionné
thoughtful réfléchie
throws jette
thrush merle
thrush grive
thugs voyous
thugs malfrats
tian tian
tianjin tianjin
tilt incliner
tilt inclinaison
timberlake timberlake
ting ting
toast toast
toast tartine
toast toasts
toast tartines
toc toc
token token
token jeton
topeka topeka
tor tor
torah torah
torn déchiré
torn déchirés
torn déchirée
totals totaux
towing remorquage
townsville townsville
toxic toxique
toxic toxiques
toyota toyota
traced tracés
traced retracé
tracey tracey
tramway tramway
transatlantic transatlantique
transatlantic transatlantiques
transforms transforme
transistor transistors
transistor transistor
transverse transversal
transverse transversale
transverse transversaux
transverse transversales
transylvania transylvanie
travellers voyageurs
travers travers
traverse traverse
traverse traverser
treason trahison
treasure trésors
treasure trésor
treasurer trésorier
treasures trésors
treatise traité
trenches tranchées
tribunal tribunal
trick trick
trick astuce
tricky délicate
tricky délicat
tripoli tripoli
triton triton
trousers pantalon
trousers pantalons
troy troie
troy troy
trucks camions
trujillo trujillo
trump atout
trump trump
trunk malle
trunk tronc
trunk coffre
trustee mandataire
trustee fiduciaire
trustee curateur
trustee syndic
trusts fiducies
trusts trusts
tubes tubes
tufts tufts
tug remorqueur
tug tug
tune tune
turbine turbine
turbulence turbulence
turbulence turbulences
turbulent agitée
turbulent turbulent
turf pelouse
turf gazon
turku turku
turtle turtle
turtle tortue
turtle tortues
tvb tvb
tweed tweed
tyson tyson
ufo ovni
ufo ovnis
uganda ouganda
uma uma
unblock débloquer
unconscious inconscient
unconscious inconscience
unconscious inconscients
unconscious inconsciente
undefeated invaincu
undercover infiltré
undercover infiltration
underwood underwood
undesirable indésirable
undesirable indésirables
unfit impropres
unfit inapte
unfit impropre
unfit inaptes
unicorn licornes
unicorn licorne
uniforms uniformes
uniforms uniforme
unilateral unilatéral
unilateral unilatéralement
unilateral unilatérales
unilateral unilatéraux
unilateral unilatérale
unproductive improductives
unsuitable inadapté
unsuitable inappropriés
unsuitable inapproprié
unsuitable inapte
untitled untitled
unwilling réticente
unwilling réticent
uploader uploader
ups ups
urge exhorter
urine urine
urine urines
usaf usaf
utica utica
vacant vacant
vacant vacants
val val
var var
variance variance
variance écart
variance variation
vasco vasco
vassal vassal
vassal vassaux
veil veil
venezia venezia
ventilation ventilation
ventilation aération
ventilation aérage
verde verde
verses versets
vhs vhs
vhs magnétoscope
viaduct viaduc
viaf viaf
vicksburg vicksburg
vida vida
vie vie
viking viking
viking vikings
vine vine
vine vigne
vip vip
vivo vivo
void vide
volatile volatils
volatile volatiles
volatile volatilité
volatile volatile
volcanoes volcans
voluntary volontaire
voluntary volontaires
vow vœu
vow voeu
voyager voyager
vulcan vulcain
vulture vautour
vulture vautours
wagner wagner
wagons wagons
waived renoncé
warming réchauffement
warp distorsion
waterloo waterloo
watt watt
weed beuh
weed weed
weed herbe
weighed pesé
weighed pesée
weinberg weinberg
welcoming accueillant
welcoming accueillante
welcoming accueillants
welcoming accueillantes
welt welt
wendy wendy
werewolf garou
wet humide
wet mouillé
wet mouillés
wet mouillée
wet humides
wetlands marécages
whalers baleiniers
whip fouet
whip fouette
whip fouetter
whisky whisky
whitfield whitfield
wichita wichita
wiener wiener
wikinews wikinews
wikisource wikisource
wiley wiley
wills testaments
wills volontés
winding enroulement
winery vinicole
winery vignoble
winery cave
winters hivers
winters winters
wisdom sagesse
withdraw retirer
withdraw retirez
witt witt
wnba wnba
worcester worcester
worries soucis
worries inquiétudes
wrap enrouler
wrap wrap
wrexham wrexham
wrongdoing méfaits
wwf wwf
württemberg wurtemberg
xavier xavier
xii xii
xii xiie
xiii xiii
xiii xiiie
yamamoto yamamoto
yamato yamato
yates yates
yeast levures
yeast levure
yeomanry yeomanry
yeon yeon
yeovil yeovil
yoga yoga
yours vôtre
yuen yuen
yuki yuki
yves yves
zambia zambie
zane zane
zeller zeller
zionism sionisme
zones zones
zum zum
éireann éireann
émile émile
