prinzipien principles
dienstleistungen services
lehrbuch textbook
comedy comedy
basketballspieler basketball
subsp subsp
hansen hansen
catherine catherine
standorte location
standorte locations
standorte sites
philologe philologist
aufteilung allocation
aufteilung breakdown
aufteilung distribution
aufteilung splitting
erwachsene grown
erwachsene adults
erwachsene adult
werfen throwing
werfen cast
werfen toss
werfen throw
erfunden invented
mexikanischen mexican
philosophen philosophers
philosophen philosopher
frag ask
ehrenmitglied honorary
dicke thick
dicke thicknesses
dicke thickness
bodensee bodensee
irischen irish
han han
vielfalt multiplicity
vielfalt plurality
vielfalt diversity
vielfalt variety
wettbewerbe competitions
wettbewerbe contests
wettbewerbe contest
rowohlt rowohlt
heiraten marry
heiraten wed
heiraten marriage
heiraten wedding
murray murray
austin austin
stellungnahme opinion
zelle cell
zelle cells
schließung closure
schließung closing
hierher here
maßnahme action
maßnahme measure
chief chief
echo echo
kunsthalle kunsthalle
grundlegende basics
grundlegende fundamental
grundlegende basic
professoren professors
geschmack taste
geschmack flavor
geschmack flavour
geschmack tastes
porto postage
porto porto
porto oporto
konzentration concentrations
konzentration concentration
interviews interviews
wiedervereinigung reunite
wiedervereinigung reunification
wiedervereinigung reunion
kabel cables
kabel cable
berner bern
berner bernese
berner berner
berner berne
konzentrierte concentrated
konzentrierte focused
keramik pottery
keramik ceramic
keramik ceramics
bismarck bismarck
monika monica
monika monika
flensburg flensburg
pakistan pakistan
grant grant
angemeldet notified
angemeldet logged
angemeldet filed
brasilianischen brazilian
gerechtfertigt warranted
gerechtfertigt justified
gerechtfertigt justifiable
melodie melody
melodie tune
canadian canadian
beratung advice
beratung advisory
beratung consulting
beratung counselling
beratung consultancy
boeing boeing
externe external
orientierung orientation
prinzen princes
prinzen prince
medal medal
portrait portrait
challenge challenge
werten values
elektronischen electronic
fachzeitschrift journal
salvador salvador
saarland saarland
saarland saar
dakota dakota
untergang downfall
untergang demise
untergang woe
untergang doom
rache payback
rache vengeance
rache revenge
dutzend dozens
dutzend dozen
egon egon
utrecht utrecht
kategorisierung categorisation
kategorisierung categorization
control control
tiger tiger
tiger tigers
finanziell financially
finanziell financial
finanziell finances
beamter official
beamter officials
beamter officer
tiroler tyrolean
allgemeines general
lichtenberg lichtenberg
wang wang
liverpool liverpool
ringer wrestlers
ringer ringer
ringer wrestling
ringer wrestler
identifiziert identifies
identifiziert identified
behauptungen claims
behauptungen allegation
behauptungen allegations
behauptungen assertions
gerecht fair
gerecht equitable
roll roll
broadway broadway
materie matter
jason jason
alaska alaska
lies read
soul soul
schaut look
naturwissenschaften science
naturwissenschaften sciences
barocke baroque
vermitteln conveying
vermitteln communicating
vermitteln mediate
vermitteln convey
matthew matthew
argentinischer argentinean
argentinischer argentine
positiven positive
positiven positives
dunkle dark
floh flea
floh fled
helene helene
helene helen
relief relief
vogt vogt
vogt bailiff
angela angela
margarete margaret
margarete margarete
deutet indicates
syn syn
ruprecht rupert
ruprecht ruprecht
religionen religions
religionen religious
religionen religion
mitwirkung involvement
mitwirkung participation
romanische romanesque
freigegeben released
freigegeben cleared
head head
leonard leonard
disney disney
helm helm
helm helmet
ruinen ruins
entscheidenden decisive
weißer caucasian
orientierte oriented
offenbach offenbach
sky sky
afrikanischen african
zeitalter ages
zeitalter era
externen external
vision vision
auswertung interpretation
auswertung evaluation
auswertung analysis
jorge jorge
kilogramm kilograms
kilogramm kg
kilogramm kilogram
kilogramm kilo
messung measuring
messung measurement
bassist bassist
bassist bass
schwert blade
schwert swords
schwert sword
elsass alsace
schlagen beat
schlagen punching
schlagen slapping
schlagen beating
schlagen punch
phoenix phoenix
italia italia
eisenach eisenach
inszenierung staging
glaubens faith
gewerkschaft union
gewerkschaft unions
touristen tourists
touristen tourist
geschwister siblings
geschwister sibling
vermute surmise
oregon oregon
christina christina
erstens firstly
normen norms
normen standards
erkrankungen illnesses
erkrankungen illness
erkrankungen diseases
erkrankungen disorders
agentur agency
agentur emea
iwan ivan
schreiber scribe
schreiber schreiber
durchgesetzt enforced
zweitens secondly
punk punk
dell dell
digitalen digital
joan joan
enger closer
enger tighten
enger narrower
enger tighter
bremerhaven bremerhaven
tabellen tables
tabellen spreadsheets
wahlperiode legislature
westlicher westerly
einladung invite
einladung invitation
stadtverwaltung municipality
stadtverwaltung municipal
legislaturperiode legislature
slowenien slovenia
disziplinen discipline
disziplinen disciplines
finnischer finnish
alltag everyday
gesungen sang
gesungen singing
gesungen sung
jerry jerry
hawaii hawaii
zeitweilig temporarily
zeitweilig temporary
jules jules
akademische academic
gelehrten scholars
gelehrten scholar
mine mine
fachhochschule fachhochschule
fachhochschule polytechnic
gelassen complacent
stimmung vibes
stimmung mood
stimmung tuning
anpassung adjustments
anpassung adaption
anpassung adjustment
anpassung adaptation
anpassung customization
flach flat
flach shallow
entwickler developers
entwickler developer
schwedisch swedish
kostenlos freeware
kostenlos free
under under
individuen individuals
tausende thousands
anwesenheit attendance
anwesenheit presence
liedern songs
israelischen israeli
freude delight
freude joy
freude happiness
freude pleasure
prototyp prototype
rotterdam rotterdam
unterzeichnete undersigned
unterzeichnete signed
effekte effects
effekte effect
gletscher glacier
gletscher glaciers
versenkt sunk
versenkt sank
indische indian
essay essay
essay essays
operationen operations
operationen surgery
operationen surgeries
haute haute
stetig steady
stetig steadily
homburg homburg
montana montana
kleinste smallest
kleinste tiniest
kontinuierlich continuously
kontinuierlich continuous
kontinuierlich continually
wayne wayne
gleise platforms
gleise tracks
dessau dessau
erobert conquered
erobert conquers
erobert conquer
verwundet wounded
kaiserin empress
meier meier
soundtrack soundtrack
morris morris
gertrud gertrude
gertrud gertrud
malte painted
malte malte
hitlers hitler
pkw cars
pkw automobiles
pkw car
geographischen geographical
dnb dnb
petra petra
lateinisch latin
geschlossene enclosed
geschlossene closed
betreuung support
betreuung mentoring
betreuung supervision
betreuung care
lebensmittel food
lebensmittel foods
lebensmittel groceries
lebensmittel grocery
lebensmittel foodstuffs
objektiv lens
objektiv objective
objektiv lenses
objektiv objectively
personenverkehr passenger
geometrie geometry
geometrie geometric
bosnien bosnia
now now
wright wright
sergei sergei
sergei sergey
bonner bonner
wohnsitz resident
wohnsitz residence
wohnsitz domicile
alpha alpha
studiert studied
rheinischen rhenish
berkeley berkeley
illustrationen illustrations
richtungen directions
schnee snow
gerald gerald
realschule realschule
angel angel
vorgeschichte prehistory
vorgeschichte background
hartmut doreen
hartmut hartmut
funk funk
herrmann herrmann
troll troll
troll trolls
mythos myth
schumacher schumacher
schmalen narrow
schmalen slim
stausee dam
stausee lake
stausee reservoir
tenor tenor
befehlshaber commandant
befehlshaber commanders
befehlshaber commander
hochladen uploading
hochladen upload
sin sin
begangen committed
designer designers
designer designer
wirft casts
wirft accuses
wirft raises
wirft throws
verstand sanity
verstand mind
verstand minds
valentin valentin
valentin valentine
begegnungen encounters
begegnungen encounter
brandt brandt
oklahoma oklahoma
gerettet rescued
gerettet saved
gerettet salvaged
ignoriert ignore
ignoriert ignored
ignoriert ignores
achter eighth
achter eights
chinesisch sino
chinesisch chinese
gerechtigkeit justice
gerechtigkeit righteousness
gerechtigkeit fairness
gerechtigkeit equity
folglich hence
folglich consequently
folglich therefore
bett beds
bett bunk
bett bed
vorarlberg vorarlberg
verlangen desire
verlangen require
verlangen demanding
verlangen craving
schreibe write
schreibe writing
angemessen appropriately
angemessen appropriate
angemessen adequate
angemessen adequately
angemessen reasonable
dynamo dynamo
drehen twist
drehen rotate
drehen turning
drehen rotating
drehen turn
angeben indicate
angeben brag
angeben specify
dazwischen between
venezuela venezuela
experiment experiment
astronom astronomers
astronom astronomer
nina nina
theoretische theoretical
ingrid ingrid
industriellen industrial
industriellen industrialist
gerichtet directed
gerichtet addressed
gerichtet judged
rechtswissenschaft law
rechtswissenschaft jurisprudence
umwandlung conversion
umwandlung converting
umwandlung transformation
umwandlung transform
rosenberg rosenberg
chaos mess
chaos mayhem
chaos chaos
xaver xaver
xaver xavier
ansiedlung settlement
zoo zoo
gestiftet donated
gestiftet endowed
bezahlt pays
bezahlt paid
cornelius cornelius
bobby bobby
interne internal
besetzte occupied
imo imo
hinterlassen leave
gem acc
gem gem
abgesetzt discontinued
abgesetzt deposed
weihnachten christmas
weihnachten xmas
fachbereich department
fachbereich faculty
beobachtungen observational
beobachtungen observations
beobachtungen sightings
beobachtungen observation
laien layman
dekan dean
ausgeliefert delivered
ausgeliefert shipped
ausgeliefert extradited
russen russian
russen russians
allee allee
allee avenue
allee alley
basilika basilica
zyklus cycles
zyklus cycle
konzepte conceptions
konzepte concepts
ganzes whole
ndr ndr
heiliger saints
heiliger holy
heiliger saint
heiliger sacred
tendenz trend
tendenz propensity
tendenz tendency
beibehalten retained
beibehalten keep
beibehalten maintained
beibehalten maintain
beibehalten retain
orleans orleans
anstieg rise
anstieg surge
eddie eddie
vorbereitet ready
vorbereitet prepped
vorbereitet prepared
aktiengesellschaft aktiengesellschaft
einheitliche unified
einheitliche unitary
einheitliche uniform
urheberrecht copyrights
urheberrecht copyright
landschaften scenery
landschaften countryside
landschaften landscapes
landschaften landscape
anstellung recruitment
festland mainland
baltimore baltimore
kannte knew
fotografen photographers
fotografen photographer
einverstanden agreed
einverstanden agree
mund mouth
mund mouths
inkl incl
berthold berthold
soziales social
xiv xiv
reformen reform
reformen reforms
sklaven slave
sklaven slaves
weinbau vineyard
weinbau vineyards
weinbau viticulture
weinbau wine
griechen greeks
griechen greek
individuelle customised
individuelle individual
individuelle customized
fair fair
scheitern fail
scheitern failure
scheitern failing
scheitern failures
spitzen lace
spitzen peaks
aussieht looks
mohammed mohammad
mohammed muhammad
mohammed mohammed
mohammed mohamed
gattin missus
marktplatz marketplace
arkansas arkansas
erwerben acquire
indonesien indonesia
indonesien indonesian
reagieren react
reagieren respond
reagieren reacting
reagieren responding
bedingung conditional
bedingung condition
bedingung constraint
paolo paolo
tagebuch journal
tagebuch diary
tagebuch diaries
entsprechender corresponding
ethik ethic
ethik ethical
ethik ethics
britisch british
entdecken discovering
entdecken explore
entdecken detect
entdecken discover
entdecken discovery
angewiesen instructed
gestapo gestapo
beginnend beginning
beginnend commencing
frequenz frequency
lit lit
verlinkung hyperlink
verlinkung link
verlinkung linking
seltene rare
marshall marshall
marshall marshal
wortes word
handwerk craftsmanship
handwerk handicrafts
handwerk craft
handwerk handicraft
handwerk crafts
most most
grosse large
grosse grosse
jederzeit everytime
jederzeit anytime
geeignete appropriate
geeignete suitable
contest contest
houston houston
adrian adrian
reichlich ample
reichlich plentiful
reichlich plenty
reichlich abundant
gefallenen fallen
kaffee coffee
kaffee cafe
agent agent
zagreb zagreb
fokus focus
verbesserungen improvements
verbesserungen enhancements
verbesserungen improvement
gegenseitig mutually
schien appeared
schien shone
schien seemed
modellen models
turnieren tournaments
grey grey
krakau cracow
krakau krakow
gedenken remembrance
gedenken remembering
gedenken commemoration
gedenken commemorate
gesendet transmitted
gesendet sent
gesendet posted
zypern zimbabwe
zypern cyprus
zypern malta
anleitung guidance
anleitung instruction
anleitung manual
anleitung tutorial
anleitung instructions
jeff jeff
zwang forced
zwang compulsion
zwang coercion
zwang duress
zwang constraint
germania germania
praktischen practicality
praktischen practicalities
unterart subtype
unterart subspecies
komplexe complexes
komplexe complexity
komplexe complex
monats monthly
monats month
truppe troop
truppe troupe
hut hut
hut hats
hut hat
verbleib whereabouts
verbleib fate
abgeschafft abolished
milch dairy
milch milk
kommerziellen commercial
jon jon
schmitt schmitt
weswegen why
hills hills
baptist baptist
angelegten landscaped
beeinflussen affect
beeinflussen influencing
beeinflussen influence
bug bug
bug bow
bundesverdienstkreuz bundesverdienstkreuz
meilen mile
meilen miles
meilen mileage
taten deeds
landesstraße landesstraße
farm farm
oberstleutnant colonel
ermitteln investigating
ermitteln investigate
ermitteln detect
ermitteln identify
wta wta
freizeit recreation
freizeit leisure
freizeit sports
drum drum
gera gera
motorrad bikes
motorrad motorcycles
motorrad bike
motorrad motorcycle
motorrad motorbike
lutherische lutheran
aktueller current
peer peer
wellen shafts
wellen ripples
wellen waves
maßstab yardstick
maßstab scale
maßstab benchmark
verbreiteten disseminated
landete landed
sopran soprano
schoss lap
schoss shot
fachliteratur literature
philosophische philosophical
klassiker classics
klassiker classical
klassiker classic
burgund bourgogne
burgund burgundy
partnerschaft partnering
partnerschaft partnership
partnerschaft twinning
partnerschaft partnerships
erfordert requiring
erfordert requires
pauli pauli
brot loaf
brot bread
ukrainischen ukrainian
xiii xiii
lehren lessons
lehren teaching
lehren teach
lehren teachings
marseille marseille
marseille marseilles
hugh hugh
chen chen
leon leon
ostseite east
duden duden
beethoven beethoven
krefeld krefeld
tommy tommy
ungarisch hungarian
rgb rgb
tool tool
glatt plain
glatt smooth
beauftragte envoy
beauftragte commissioned
beauftragte delegate
aussicht prospect
aussicht outlook
aussicht views
aussicht view
beantworten answering
erwerb acquisitions
erwerb purchase
erwerb acquisition
passage passage
niedriger lower
portugiesischer portuguese
run run
saudi saudi
anime anime
kairo cairo
reformierten reformed
bittet invites
bittet asks
bittet beg
olaf olaf
bewusstsein conscience
bewusstsein awareness
bewusstsein consciousness
bewusstsein conscious
berufliche occupational
berufliche vocational
apostolischen apostolic
erlauben enable
erlauben allow
erlauben permit
ausgegangen dated
avenue avenue
motors motors
let let
let iet
kunstverein kunstverein
schumann schumann
remix remix
trikot jersey
lorenzo lorenzo
gescheitert failed
gescheitert unsuccessful
renate renate
masters masters
opern opera
opern operas
tschechisch czech
angebote specials
angebote promotions
angebote offers
angebote deals
zugewiesen assigned
zugewiesen allocated
zugewiesen attributed
zugewiesen allotted
grundlegend fundamentally
grundlegend fundamental
kriegen wars
reifen tires
reifen tyres
reifen tire
reifen tyre
reifen mature
wolfram tungsten
wolfram wolfram
roberts roberts
komitee committee
hirsch stag
hirsch deer
hirsch hirsch
ludwigs ludwig
umstand circumstance
unterarten subtypes
unterarten subspecies
ermittlungen investigations
ermittlungen investigation
speicher storage
speicher memory
nancy nancy
verwechseln mistaking
verwechseln confuse
hunter hunter
verschieden different
verschieden diverse
verschieden various
verschieden varied
krieger warriors
krieger krieger
krieger warrior
systematisch systematically
systematisch systematic
gesetzlichen statutory
ehepaar couple
delta delta
armin armin
brockhaus brockhaus
ivan ivan
stichwort keywords
stichwort cue
stichwort keyword
konzentriert concentrated
konzentriert focussed
konzentriert focuses
konzentriert focused
edwin edwin
kent kent
bond bond
aluminium aluminium
aluminium aluminum
dimension dimension
sauerstoff oxygen
erstellte compiled
erstellte created
mitchell mitchell
marion marion
rasse racial
rasse breed
rasse race
schwarzwald schwarzwald
ingolstadt ingolstadt
inschriften inscriptions
basierend based
cottbus cottbus
freuen rejoice
statthalter governor
sri sri
systematische systematic
denkbar conceivable
satelliten satellites
satelliten satellite
umgehen evade
umgehen bypass
umgehen circumvent
symbole symbols
symbole icons
germanischen germanic
theo theo
medaillen medal
medaillen medals
abbruch abortion
abbruch abort
abbruch demolition
spannungen stresses
spannungen tension
spannungen voltages
spannungen tensions
resultat result
bricht breaks
sony sony
verarbeitung processing
verarbeitung workmanship
sechste sixth
empfohlen suggested
empfohlen recommended
empfohlen advised
bundesautobahn bundesautobahn
five five
vernichtet destroyed
vernichtet destroy
vernichtet annihilated
vernichtet exterminated
romanischen romanesque
raf raf
akzeptieren accepting
akzeptieren accept
ansbach ansbach
renovierung refurbishment
renovierung renovated
renovierung renovation
renovierung renovations
collins collins
collins collin
einander mutually
analysis calculus
massiven massive
terry terry
gleichung equation
sockel pedestal
sockel cap
sockel socket
sockel lga
sockel sockets
erlaubte permitted
erlaubte allowed
vergeblich vain
vergeblich futile
schulze schulze
traditionen traditions
traditionen tradition
behauptete claimed
behauptete asserted
behauptete alleged
six six
hunde dogs
hunde canine
hunde dog
krebs cancers
krebs krebs
krebs cancer
verfolgen tracking
verfolgen haunt
virus virus
girls girls
unit unit
fett fats
fett grease
fett bold
fett fat
direkter direct
anzeigen classifieds
anzeigen display
anzeigen view
anzeigen ads
anzeigen show
alain alain
angetrieben driven
angetrieben propelled
angetrieben powered
wiederholen repeated
wiederholen repeat
wiederholen redo
wiederholen replay
reformierte reformed
historique historique
astronomie astronomy
stadtzentrum downtown
stadtzentrum centre
decke ceilings
decke blanket
decke blankets
decke ceiling
decke roof
achim achim
wohnt lives
wohnt resides
schritte footsteps
schritte steps
schritte strides
wachsenden growing
dominiert dominates
dominiert dominated
dominiert dominate
dominiert dominating
geschafft managed
geschafft accomplished
geschafft made
geschafft done
geschafft succeeded
michail mikhail
linden linden
globe globe
ulrike sarah
ulrike ulrike
ulrike julia
nicholas nicholas
schnabel beak
schriftlich written
schriftlich writing
wilfried wilfred
wilfried wilfried
verfolgte tracked
verfolgte pursued
verfolgte haunted
verfolgte persecuted
angewandt applied
zehnten tenth
still hush
still still
eingeleitet initiated
eingeleitet instituted
vorgaben presets
vorgaben defaults
beobachter observers
beobachter watchers
beobachter monitors
beobachter observer
bilanz balance
produkten products
indirekt indirect
indirekt indirectly
mtv mtv
alias alias
alias aka
libretto libretto
wiederherstellen restore
wiederherstellen recover
wiederherstellen redo
wiederherstellen restoring
massaker massacre
massaker massacres
suffix suffix
rudolph rudolph
umgangssprachlich colloquial
umgangssprachlich colloquially
umgangssprachlich slang
rennfahrer racers
rennfahrer racer
beseitigt solved
beseitigt eliminated
beseitigt abolished
beseitigt disposed
aufschwung upturn
aufschwung upswing
aufschwung revival
matrix array
matrix matrix
verteidigte defended
empfehlung recommended
empfehlung suggestion
empfehlung recommendation
bedrohung menace
bedrohung threats
bedrohung threat
eindeutige unambiguous
eindeutige unequivocal
einweihung dedication
einweihung inauguration
einweihung consecration
landkreise districts
landkreise counties
vollendet completes
landung touchdown
landung landing
saniert rehabilitated
sozialer social
statistischen statistical
dallas dallas
betreute oversaw
offensive offensive
fein finely
fein fine
fein fein
pole pole
pole poles
herman herman
besiegt conquered
besiegt beaten
besiegt vanquished
besiegt defeated
krause krause
bindung bindings
bindung binding
bindung bonding
bindung bond
schwimmen swim
schwimmen swimming
early early
protest protest
protest protests
messina messina
organisierten organised
organisierten organized
bsg bsg
kugel sphere
kugel globe
kugel ball
kugel orb
kugel bullet
kosovo kosovo
delegation delegation
trophy trophy
ausstrahlung broadcast
ausstrahlung charisma
ausstrahlung broadcasting
pest pest
pest plague
pest pestilence
indischer indian
genehmigt authorised
genehmigt approve
genehmigt approved
genehmigt sanctioned
genehmigt authorized
universum universe
biathlon biathlon
kommerzielle commercial
korrigieren correction
korrigieren fix
korrigieren correcting
korrigieren correct
korrigieren rectify
mechanische mechanical
moor moor
moor marsh
moor moors
moor bog
bezeugt testified
schach chess
hauptquartier hq
hauptquartier headquarters
ward ward
vieles many
vieles much
einheitlich unified
einheitlich unitary
einheitlich uniformly
einheitlich uniform
ehrungen tributes
ehrungen honours
ehrungen honors
auftauchen surfacing
auftauchen emergence
einbau incorporation
einbau mounting
einbau fitting
einbau installation
steinen stones
breitengrad latitude
breitengrad parallel
breitengrad longitude
silberne silver
silberne silvery
commonwealth commonwealth
commonwealth cac
hohenzollern hohenzollern
klang sound
klang sounded
klang klang
verpflichtete obligated
verpflichtete enlisted
malta malta
sitzung session
sitzung meeting
sitzung sitting
bolivien bolivian
bolivien bolivia
wohin where
schwerpunkte highlights
schwerpunkte focus
schwerpunkte priorities
seoul seoul
relevanter relevant
handels distributive
verpflichtung covenant
verpflichtung obligation
verpflichtung commitment
verpflichtung commitments
teilnahmen participated
teilnahmen attended
teilnahmen participations
aufsatz essay
benutzung usage
leiche corpse
leiche cadaver
warner warner
lernt learns
nordsee north
abschied goodbyes
abschied farewell
abschied goodbye
perfekt perfect
perfekt perfectly
burgruine burgruine
burgruine ruins
kommunisten communists
kommunisten communist
eingegangen received
ngc ngc
definieren defines
definieren defining
definieren define
augustin augustine
augustin augustin
gotischen gothic
werdegang career
werdegang history
organ organs
organ organ
konto account
allzu overly
inhaftiert incarcerated
inhaftiert arrested
inhaftiert detained
inhaftiert imprisoned
inhaftiert jailed
busse bus
busse coaches
busse busses
busse buses
mineral mineral
mineral minerals
mixed mixed
konzerten concerts
holger holger
kommissar detective
kommissar inspector
kommissar commissar
kommissar superintendent
kommissar commissioner
erlernte learned
erlernte learnt
uhrzeigersinn clockwise
dream dream
aktien equities
aktien stocks
aktien stock
aktien shares
aktien equity
grammatik linguistics
grammatik grammar
grammatik grammatical
lustig fun
lustig funny
lustig hilarious
fernseh television
landshut landshut
silver silver
case case
spanier spaniard
spanier spaniards
upper upper
filter filter
filter filters
beat beat
meta meta
charakteristisch characteristic
charakteristisch distinctive
grade grade
grade degrees
geh go
plateau plateau
befreien freeing
befreien liberate
befreien liberating
umgestaltet redesigned
ausgeschieden excreted
mathematischen mathematical
amateur amateur
nachbarschaft neighbors
nachbarschaft neighbours
nachbarschaft neighborhood
nachbarschaft neighbourhood
staatsanwaltschaft prosecution
staatsanwaltschaft prosecutor
oberhausen oberhausen
laurent laurent
konsequenzen implications
konsequenzen consequences
belgische belgian
rechtsprechung jurisdiction
rechtsprechung judgments
rechtsprechung judiciary
rechtsprechung jurisprudence
bakterien bacterial
bakterien bacteria
martha martha
pan pan
channel channel
erhard erhard
hunderte hundreds
trainiert coached
trainiert trained
kings kings
taunus taunus
angefangen started
angefangen starting
angefangen begun
damm dam
damm damm
genua genoa
genua genova
cook cook
exzellent excellently
exzellent excellent
juristen attorneys
juristen jurists
juristen lawyers
juristen lawyer
rum rum
preisgeld prize
sekunde seconds
sekunde second
sekunde sec
warren warren
nigeria nigerian
nigeria nigeria
fuhren drove
orient orient
vorrangig prioritise
gespeichert stored
gespeichert saved
christiane christiane
bezirke districts
bezirke counties
bezirke boroughs
paare couples
paare pair
paare pairs
blood blood
mathematische mathematical
mathematische maths
mathematische math
gefasst caught
gefasst apprehended
set set
rechtfertigen justify
protagonisten protagonist
protagonisten protagonists
rekonstruktion reconstructing
rekonstruktion reconstruct
rekonstruktion reconstruction
administratoren administrators
administratoren admin
administratoren admins
administratoren administrator
gelernt learned
gelernt learnt
auslegung interpretations
auslegung interpretation
auslegung interpreting
haushalt households
haushalt household
haushalt budget
haushalt housekeeping
marschall marshall
marschall marshal
prediger preacher
prediger preachers
installation installation
installation installing
installation install
kaspar kaspar
kaspar caspar
ecken corners
ecken edges
ecken vertices
ecken corner
speichern save
speichern saving
speichern store
sprachlich linguistic
sprachlich linguistically
schuss gunshot
schuss shot
freundlich kindly
freundlich kind
freundlich friendly
zylinder cylinder
zylinder cylinders
zylinder barrel
vorschlagen propose
vorschlagen suggest
portugiesisch portuguese
reduzieren reduces
reduzieren reducing
reduzieren reduce
filmmusik soundtrack
filmmusik score
gewinnung extraction
gewinnung quarrying
fotografien photographs
fotografien photos
fotografien photography
fotografien photograph
kommunen communes
nachteil handicap
nachteil disadvantages
nachteil drawback
nachteil downside
nachteil disadvantage
gramm gramme
gramm gram
gramm grams
begleitung monitoring
begleitung accompaniment
begleitung escort
begleitung accompanying
abwehr defense
abwehr defences
abwehr defence
abwehr defensive
abwehr defenses
genres genre
genres genres
konkurrenten rivals
konkurrenten competitors
konkurrenten competitor
wiederholte repeated
wiederholte repetitive
landstraße highway
chancen chances
chancen odds
chancen opportunity
chancen opportunities
landesliga landesliga
gastgeber host
gastgeber hosts
gastgeber hosting
gastgeber hosted
denkt thinks
charlottenburg charlottenburg
blumen flowers
blumen flower
venus venus
schema schematic
schema scheme
schema schema
alexandra alexandra
split split
unruhen riots
unruhen unrest
unruhen disturbances
unruhen riot
unruhen turmoil
rosen roses
rosen rosen
rosen rose
keith keith
beigetragen contributed
fis fis
statistische statistical
statistische statistic
fassen apprehend
fassen grasp
renommierten prestigious
renommierten renowned
tante auntie
tante aunty
tante aunt
einstellungen recruitment
einstellungen attitudes
einstellungen preferences
einstellungen settings
erwiesen proved
dekanat deanery
meisterin mistress
nazi nazi
pfarrhaus rectory
hudson hudson
sorte variety
diktatur dictatorship
lehrerin tutor
lehrerin instructor
lehrerin schoolteacher
lehrerin teacher
nase nose
nase noses
ebert ebert
finanzen financial
finanzen finance
finanzen financials
finanzen finances
jungfrau virgo
jungfrau virgin
jungfrau jungfrau
jungfrau maiden
marsch marsh
marsch march
marsch marching
fresken frescos
fresken fresco
fresken frescoes
brooklyn brooklyn
verbandsgemeinde verbandsgemeinde
tel tel
herder herder
doppelte double
doppelte duplicate
doppelte dual
heine heine
teilchen particles
teilchen particulates
teilchen particle
inmitten amid
inmitten midst
inmitten amidst
kong kong
gedeckt covered
achtung respect
achtung caution
achtung attention
achtung warning
achtung beware
spendete donated
betriebssystem operating
betriebssystem os
salon salon
salon saloon
buddhismus buddhism
buddhismus buddhist
sauer sauer
sauer angry
sauer sour
sauer pissed
zufall chance
zufall fluke
zufall random
zufall accident
zufall coincidence
jay jay
suite suite
suite suites
massive massive
kommend coming
salz salt
monaco monaco
guillaume guillaume
export export
export exporting
swr swr
kollege colleague
kollege coworker
portugiesische portuguese
future future
future futures
kommende forthcoming
kommende upcoming
naval naval
helen helen
bretagne bretagne
bretagne brittany
railroad railroad
entfernte distant
entfernte removed
entfernte remote
volumen volume
volumen volumes
betreten entering
betreten enter
normandie normandie
normandie normandy
larry larry
ghana ghana
himmelfahrt ascension
himmelfahrt assumption
yale yale
administrativ administratively
richten straightening
regierungen government
regierungen governmental
regierungen governments
besserung improvement
estnischen estonian
wilden wild
wilden savages
wilden wilden
wilden savage
deep deep
beruflichen occupational
beruflichen vocational
manhattan manhattan
talsperre dam
talsperre reservoir
volleyball volley
volleyball volleyball
sortiert sort
sortiert sorted
sortiert sorts
urlaub holiday
urlaub vacation
urlaub holidays
neffe nephew
plural plural
sportlichen athletic
sportlichen sportive
sportlichen sporting
baptiste baptiste
julie julie
dreht rotates
dreht spins
inspiriert inspired
inspiriert inspires
inspiriert inspire
rafael rafael
metro metro
regina regina
feind enemy
feind foe
feind enemies
schriftliche written
niedergang decline
niedergang downfall
niedergang demise
klage action
klage complaint
klage lawsuit
schauspielhaus schauspielhaus
fortschritt progress
fortschritt advancement
teich pond
teich ponds
untersuchte investigated
untersuchte examined
track track
dachau dachau
sms sms
sms texting
anatomie anatomy
strauss bouquet
strauss strauss
leere void
leere emptiness
leere empty
leere blank
raketen missiles
raketen rockets
raketen rocket
steuer fiscal
steuer helm
steuer tax
steuer taxes
bull bull
irene irene
aussterben extinct
aussterben extinction
kunstakademie kunstakademie
aussprache pronunciation
aussprache debate
aussprache debates
perry perry
aufgeben abandon
aufgeben quit
aufgeben surrender
aufgeben abandonment
aufgeben quitting
synthese synthesis
trainierte coached
vermieden avoids
vermieden avoided
montag montag
montag mondays
montag monday
kurve curve
goldener golden
rettung salvation
rettung rescue
fotografiert photographed
ems ems
iucn iucn
kaiserliche imperial
warf threw
konsequent consistently
konsequent consistent
edith edith
gewerkschaften unions
tokyo tokyo
beton concrete
santo santo
playoffs playoffs
holen fetching
holen fetch
holen get
gotische gothic
bois bois
demokraten democrats
demokraten democrat
termin deadline
termin appointment
anbieten offering
anbieten offer
rakete rockets
rakete rocket
rakete missile
spezifische specific
ausgleich equalization
ausgleich compensation
ausgleich balancing
ausgleich indemnity
ausgleich offset
wallace wallace
schnellste quickest
schnellste fastest
kapital capital
verwechselt confused
verwechselt mistaken
abschaffung abolished
abschaffung repeal
abschaffung abolition
abschaffung abolish
facto facto
helena helena
helena helen
unterhalten converse
unterhalten entertain
unterhalten entertaining
anwesend present
moses moses
champion champ
champion champion
singapur singapore
pablo pablo
baut builds
toulouse toulouse
verlegung transfer
verlegung relocation
neunten ninth
lyriker poet
lyriker poets
lyriker lyricist
muslime muslims
muslime muslim
heyne heyne
stille stillness
stille silent
stille silence
angeblichen alleged
miles miles
christlich christian
ellen ellen
fell fell
fell fur
zitate quotes
zitate quotations
zitate citations
sternen stars
arno arno
namensgeber namesake
argumenten arguments
bemerkungen remarks
bemerkungen remark
bemerkungen notes
bemerkungen observations
bemerkungen comments
cleveland cleveland
sinnlos pointless
sinnlos useless
sinnlos futile
sinnlos meaningless
santos santos
komponiert composed
geografische geographic
geografische geographical
gefangene prisoner
gefangene captive
gefangene prisoners
gefangene captives
gefangene detainees
geiger violinist
geiger geiger
aufrecht upright
aufrecht erect
freud freud
minor minor
qualitativ qualitatively
qualitativ qualitative
engeren narrower
god god
situationen situations
kontrolliert checked
kontrolliert controlled
kontrolliert inspected
piper piper
besuchern visitors
besuchern visitor
algerien algiers
algerien algerian
algerien algeria
kanzler chancellor
kanzler registrar
provence provence
kanonen cannons
kanonen guns
kanonen cannon
verwaltungsgemeinschaft verwaltungsgemeinschaft
verwaltungsgemeinschaft valeri
verwaltungsgemeinschaft valerie
streitigkeiten litigation
streitigkeiten quarrels
streitigkeiten disputes
streitigkeiten dispute
erhob rose
kenneth kenneth
passagen passages
durchgehend consistently
revue revue
franziska franziska
franziska francesca
franziska frances
newton newton
katastrophe disasters
katastrophe catastrophic
katastrophe calamity
katastrophe disaster
katastrophe catastrophe
mdb mdb
weiterbildung training
weiterbildung education
weiterbildung continuing
weiterbildung academies
formulierungen phrasing
formulierungen formulations
formulierungen wordings
formulierungen wording
charaktere characters
summer buzzer
lords lords
after anus
after after
ignaz ignaz
ignaz ignatius
true true
automatische automatic
quartett quartet
flandern flanders
flandern flemish
viola viola
bristol bristol
waldeck waldeck
namibia namibia
gottesdienst worship
bergwerk colliery
bergwerk mine
bergwerk mines
verteilen distributing
verteilen spread
verteilen distribute
verteilen distributed
univ univ
salomon salomon
salomon solomon
greifen grip
greifen grasping
greifen grasp
greifen grab
litt litt
litt suffered
erika erica
erika erika
negativen adverse
negativen negative
negativen negatives
lauten denominated
lauten loud
konvention convention
haase haase
abwarten waiting
abwarten await
abwarten awaiting
abwarten wait
but but
atlantik atlantic
wettbewerben contests
grundstein cornerstone
pont pont
geburtsdatum dob
geburtsdatum birthday
une une
zusammenbruch collapse
nominierungen nominees
nominierungen nominations
draußen outside
draußen outdoor
draußen out
draußen outdoors
marina marina
gehalt salary
gehalt content
gehalt salaries
sauber sauber
sauber clean
forstwirtschaft forestry
forstwirtschaft forests
forstwirtschaft forest
ideologie ideology
ideologie ideological
herzogin duchess
metropolitan metropolitan
harrison harrison
oberlauf headwaters
dietmar dietmar
diana diana
handschrift handwriting
handschrift manuscript
nazis nazi
nazis nazis
ron ron
landwirt farmers
landwirt farmer
mehrzahl majority
mehrzahl plural
regierungszeit reign
heilig sacred
heilig holy
nordwestlichen northwestern
geholfen helped
geholfen aided
geholfen assisted
sorge concern
sorge worry
malaysia malaysia
augustus augustus
strahlung radiation
eintragung entry
eintragung registration
vera vera
substanzen substances
internen internal
alexandria alexandria
folgend following
psychiatrie psychiatry
psychiatrie psychiatric
abends evening
abends evenings
ohren ear
ohren ears
ruft shouts
ruft calls
ruft calling
trennt separating
trennt divides
trennt separates
vergleichbare comparable
bush bush
belastung load
belastung strain
belastung stress
belastung burden
verbundene affiliated
verbundene associated
verbundene connected
verbundene related
umfassend comprehensive
umfassend extensive
umfassend exhaustive
umfassend comprehensively
variiert varies
variiert vary
vorherige prior
vorherige previous
bordeaux bordeaux
erscheinungsbild appearance
elite elite
realen real
elias elias
elias elia
astronomen astronomers
astronomen astronomer
hochwasser floods
hochwasser flooding
hochwasser flood
vertraut familiar
vertraut trusted
vertraut trusts
erleben experiencing
erleben experience
abwesenheit absent
abwesenheit absence
abwesenheit absences
abwesenheit absenteeism
abwesenheit absentia
gerichtshof tribunal
gerichtshof court
bibliographie bibliography
rallye rally
rallye rallye
willkommen wellcome
willkommen welcome
abb abb
abb fig
kraus kraus
bezahlen paying
bezahlen pay
automobil automobile
gemahlin consort
gemahlin wife
einstein einstein
motivation motivation
einnahme intake
faz faz
durchquert crossed
durchquert traverses
ungeeignet unsuitable
ungeeignet unfit
ungeeignet inappropriate
apostel apostle
apostel apostles
amphoe amphoe
islamische islamic
islamische islam
finnische finnish
spalten columns
spalten splitting
wolfsburg wolfsburg
singer singer
widmen dedicated
widmen dedicate
widmen dedicating
widmen devote
aufsicht supervisory
aufsicht supervisor
aufsicht oversight
aufsicht prudential
aufsicht supervision
middle middle
feder feather
feder pen
feder quill
orthodoxe orthodoxy
orthodoxe orthodox
ausgegeben issued
ausgegeben spent
eurovision eurovision
gutachten opinions
gutachten advisory
gutachten opinion
festgehalten held
festgehalten detained
vermerkt noted
bock bock
prima prima
prima swell
winkler winkler
match match
erneuerung renew
erneuerung renewals
erneuerung regeneration
erneuerung renewal
entzogen withdrawn
firefox firefox
colin colin
phasen phases
phasen stages
kombiniert combines
kombiniert combine
kombiniert combined
brecht brecht
olga olga
italiener italians
italiener pizza
italiener italian
auftritten appearances
auftritten gigs
entnommen extracted
reichsbahn reichsbahn
industrielle industrial
industrielle industrialists
industrielle industrialist
het het
attentat assassination
gezeichnet drawn
gezeichnet scarred
gezeichnet subscribed
atlantic atlantic
steffen kathryn
steffen ronald
steffen steffen
steffen freddy
sozialistische socialists
sozialistische socialist
verweise citations
verweise referrals
verweise references
verweise links
anhang appendix
anhang attachment
anhang annex
schulden debts
schulden liabilities
schulden debt
barth barth
naturforscher naturalist
nebel mist
nebel fog
nebel nebula
nebel mists
carmen carmen
codex codex
kommunalen communal
kommunalen municipal
turniere tournaments
turniere tournament
gesichtet spotted
gesichtet sighting
gesichtet sighted
kirchturm steeple
caesar caesar
gerichtsbarkeit jurisdictions
gerichtsbarkeit jurisdiction
gerichtsbarkeit judiciary
hedwig hedwig
susan susan
exemplar specimen
veit veit
unrecht wrongs
unrecht unjust
unrecht wrong
unrecht injustice
analysen analytical
analysen analytics
analysen analyses
analysen analysis
treppe stairway
treppe steps
treppe stairs
treppe stair
treppe staircase
songwriter songwriter
songwriter songwriters
flugzeugen aeroplanes
diplomatischen diplomatic
diplomatischen diplomacy
winterthur winterthur
oberpfalz oberpfalz
holmes holmes
dramatiker playwright
dramatiker dramatist
ware commodity
ware ware
ware merchandise
antisemitismus antisemitism
restaurants restaurants
kantone cantonal
kantone canton
kantone cantons
heck tail
heck heck
heck stern
großstadt metropolis
hardware hardware
stolz pride
stolz proud
stolz proudly
stolz stolz
schicken sending
schicken send
schicken fancy
vorgehensweise approach
vorgehensweise procedure
habilitation habilitation
leverkusen leverkusen
mittelfeld midfield
vereint combines
vereint unites
vereint unite
vereint reunited
barocken baroque
schweigen silent
schweigen silence
elektronik electronics
elektronik electronic
revision revision
helga helga
instanz instance
geologe geologist
witz joke
witz wit
witz kidding
witz joking
witz jokes
munition ammunition
munition ammo
munition munitions
aschaffenburg aschaffenburg
vegas vegas
neil neil
serbischen serb
serbischen serbian
kramer kramer
utah utah
celle celle
trek trek
brett brett
brett plank
slowakischen slovakian
slowakischen slovak
unterhaltung conversation
unterhaltung entertainments
unterhaltung entertainment
festgenommen arrested
festgenommen apprehended
festgenommen detained
allan allan
gutenberg gutenberg
kosmos cosmos
kontinent continental
kontinent continent
kontinent continents
konstruiert construct
konstruiert engineered
konstruiert constructed
zeitgenossen contemporaries
nationalparks parks
castro castro
happy happy
reg reg
widmet devoted
widmet dedicated
widmet dedicates
widmet devotes
haas haas
symptome symptoms
symptome symptom
aktiver active
fluggesellschaft carrier
fluggesellschaft airline
fluggesellschaft airlines
hopkins hopkins
unwahrscheinlich improbable
unwahrscheinlich unlikely
jahn jahn
nfl nfl
rohr pipe
rohr rohr
danny danny
maier maier
dean dean
ringe rings
neutrale neutral
liberale liberals
liberale liberal
zell zell
gross gross
albanien albanian
albanien albania
albanien tirana
angreifer assailants
angreifer attacker
angreifer assailant
angreifer aggressor
angreifer attackers
durchzusetzen enforcing
durchzusetzen enforce
valencia valencia
umgehend immediately
umgehend prompt
unterzeichnet signed
alexandre alexandre
alexandre alexander
vertreibung expulsion
vertreibung displaced
vertreibung expulsions
vertreibung eviction
vertreibung displacement
toni toni
emden emden
schlachten slaughtering
schlachten slaughter
schlachten battles
marmor marble
marmor marbles
kant kant
katze kitten
katze cats
katze kitty
katze cat
brd frg
judith judith
erweiterungen expansions
erweiterungen upgrades
erweiterungen extensions
erweiterungen enhancements
erweiterungen plugins
adalbert adalbert
sternbild constellation
bedeutungen meanings
teatro teatro
lok lok
lok locomotive
justus justus
angriffen attacks
angriffen assaults
objekten objects
monster monster
monster monsters
kinofilm movie
kinofilm film
kinofilm cinema
call call
betreffen affect
betreffen pertain
anbindung connectivity
landau landau
statistiken statistics
statistiken stats
statistiken statistic
statistiken insights
pos pos
kulturgeschichte civilization
sorten grades
sorten varieties
sorten variety
liberal liberals
liberal liberal
march march
paula paula
alb alb
cape cape
hampshire hampshire
landen landing
stanford stanford
historia historia
senioren seniors
senioren senior
senioren elderly
imdb imdb
fußballer footballers
fußballer footballer
rudi rudi
rudi rudolf
rudi rudy
nah close
nah near
record record
konservative conservative
konservative conservatives
ludwigshafen ludwigshafen
limited limited
limited ltd
landesmuseum landesmuseum
umbauten conversions
umbauten reconstructions
umbauten modifications
umbauten remodeling
arabien arabia
arabien arabian
harten hard
harten harsh
birmingham birmingham
anfragen enquiry
anfragen enquiries
anfragen request
anfragen requests
anfragen inquiries
kopieren copy
kopieren copied
kopieren copying
waldemar waldemar
waldemar valdemar
heidelberger heidelberger
hob lifted
hob hob
gestanden confessed
alba alba
zucker sugars
zucker sugar
ida ida
winfried winfried
anregung stimulation
anregung stimulus
anregung excitation
anregung incentive
anregung suggestion
byzantinischen byzantine
singt sings
singt singing
singt sing
beliebig arbitrarily
beliebig random
beliebig arbitrary
fertigung manufacture
fertigung production
fertigung manufacturing
fertigung fabrication
dargelegt outlined
erlassen enactment
erlassen enact
erlassen adopted
erlassen enacted
gisela gisela
short short
sigmund sigmund
gelebt lived
haare hair
haare hairs
engels engels
engels angel
zwischenzeit meantime
battle battle
budget budgeting
budget budget
nicole nicole
transkription transcription
transkription transliteration
lucius lucius
abzug deduction
abzug deductions
abzug trigger
abzug subtraction
maschinenbau mechanics
maschinenbau engineering
maschinenbau machinery
maschinenbau mechanical
verziert decorated
verziert embellished
circle circle
einigung unification
zwickau zwickau
ringen rings
ringen wrestle
ringen wrestling
getreide wheat
getreide grain
getreide corn
getreide cereals
getreide cereal
staatsoper staatsoper
sigismund zygmunt
sigismund sigismund
sozialismus socialism
verfassen write
verfassen compose
bulgarischen bulgarian
vorliegenden present
doris doris
fehlte lacked
sexuelle sexual
umland countryside
umland environs
umland hinterland
perspektiven prospects
perspektiven outlook
perspektiven perspectives
perspektiven perspective
madison madison
magic magic
respekt respect
respekt respects
zentren centers
zentren centres
tambon tambon
deportiert deported
rundschau rundschau
kommerziell commercial
kommerziell commercially
repertoire repertoire
repertoire repertory
protestantischen protestant
alpes alpes
angekommen arrived
oma grandmother
oma oma
oma granny
oma grandma
audi audi
gesetzliche statutory
tipp tip
tipp hint
ausreichende sufficient
geworfen thrown
geworfen cast
geworfen tossed
geworfen threw
senats senate
zufrieden satisfaction
zufrieden pleased
zufrieden satisfied
zufrieden happy
widerspricht contradicts
widerspricht contradicting
veraltet deprecated
veraltet outmoded
veraltet outdated
veraltet obsolete
bozen bozen
bozen bolzano
vollen fullest
vollen full
eroberte conquered
butler butler
knight knight
vegetation vegetation
gehirn brain
gehirn brains
born born
begegnet encountered
primera primera
empfehlen suggest
empfehlen recommended
empfehlen recommend
armstrong armstrong
quatsch bollocks
quatsch crap
quatsch bullshit
quatsch rubbish
quatsch nonsense
isaac isaac
ludwigsburg ludwigsburg
humor humor
humor humour
angelegenheit matter
fazit upshot
fazit conclusion
meiningen meiningen
montiert mounted
montiert assembled
emmy emmy
hannes hannes
kommunistische communist
kessel boiler
kessel kettle
kessel boilers
kessel cauldron
kessel kessel
messer knives
messer knife
brt grt
friederike friederike
legion legion
ergo ergo
aristoteles aristotle
gladbach gladbach
schmale narrow
expansion expansion
sakristei sacristy
side side
schlag blow
schlag hit
schlag beat
schlag punch
schlag slap
schlag strike
konzentrieren focusing
konzentrieren concentrating
konzentrieren concentrate
konzentrieren focus
industrialisierung industrialization
industrialisierung industrialisation
igor igor
erheben elevate
erheben rise
par par
vernunft sanity
vernunft reason
vernunft rationality
freising freising
zensur censor
zensur censorship
nachteile disadvantage
nachteile cons
nachteile drawbacks
nachteile disadvantages
dreieck triangle
gepflegt cared
gepflegt maintained
gepflegt nursed
gepflegt groomed
gepflegt cultivated
intelligenz intelligence
intelligenz intellect
pol pol
pol pole
entkommen escaped
entkommen escapes
entkommen escaping
entkommen escape
senkrecht vertically
senkrecht perpendicular
senkrecht vertical
senkrecht orthogonal
abgetragen demolished
mediawiki mediawiki
experte expert
aufgerufen invoked
aufgerufen called
langfristig longterm
augusta augusta
warte waiting
warte wait
skandal scandal
bauch tummy
bauch gut
bauch stomach
bauch belly
bauch abdomen
umgestellt switched
logos logos
logos logo
blockiert blocking
blockiert blocked
engagements engagements
steigen rise
steigen climb
bankier banker
bankier bankers
low low
seattle seattle
grundsatz principle
apsis apse
bundesweit countrywide
bundesweit nationwide
bio bio
bio organic
begeistert thrilled
begeistert enthusiastic
begeistert excited
begeistert stoked
begeistert delighted
mangelnde lack
theologen theologian
theologen theologians
arbeitnehmer employee
arbeitnehmer employees
arbeitnehmer worker
arbeitnehmer workers
arbeitnehmer workforce
watson watson
iris iris
burgenland burgenland
quedlinburg quedlinburg
abhandlungen treatises
wiese lawn
wiese meadow
seltsam curious
seltsam weird
seltsam strange
seltsam odd
nachweislich demonstrably
nachweislich demonstrable
labels labels
gasse alley
bergisch bergisch
treu loyal
treu faithful
nachdenken thinking
nachdenken ponder
nachdenken reflection
kunststoff plastics
kunststoff plastic
ergebnissen outcomes
angebliche purported
angebliche alleged
folk folk
gemeinsames joint
gemeinsames common
bestandteile constituents
bestandteile components
bestandteile ingredients
handschriften handwriting
handschriften manuscripts
