diet dieta
clients clientes
fringe marginal
fringe fringe
passion pasion
rings anillos
millions millones
dialect dialecto
orlando orlando
relay relevo
wet mojados
wet mojado
wet mojada
cruise cruceros
cruise crucero
henri enrique
henri henri
publish publico
publish publicar
publish publique
joy joy
joy alegria
joy gozo
julia julia
kitchen cocina
abstract abstracto
abstract abstractos
abstract resumen
abstract abstracta
snake culebra
snake snake
snake serpiente
comedian humorista
comedian comediante
motorcycle motocicleta
motorcycle motos
motorcycle moto
nadu nadu
arsenal arsenal
millennium milenio
millennium millennium
assists asistencias
assists asiste
bow reverencia
bow arco
bow proa
bow bow
serie serie
dimensional dimensional
travelled viajado
firing disparando
firing despido
suite suite
doug doug
gravity gravedad
stored almacenados
stored almacenadas
stored almacenado
stored almacenada
departed partieron
departed difuntos
frontier fronterizo
frontier fronteriza
frontier frontera
graph grafo
oslo oslo
earn gane
keyboard teclado
keyboard teclados
jamie jamie
jamie jaime
decorated condecorado
decorated decorados
decorated decorada
decorated decorado
complicated complicados
complicated complicado
complicated complicadas
complicated complicada
nathan nathan
slavery esclavitud
circular circulares
circular circular
operators operarios
operators operadores
armor armadura
armor armaduras
armor blindaje
bradford bradford
leon leon
rachel raquel
rachel rachel
footage secuencias
footage metraje
strings cuerdas
strings cadenas
header cabecera
header encabezado
header encabezamiento
hood capucha
hood hood
inspector inspector
inspector inspectora
inspector comisario
warnings avisos
warnings advertencias
relatives parientes
relatives familiares
plains llanura
plains llanuras
plains llanos
plains planicies
defended defendida
defended defendido
wheels ruedas
criterion criterio
ace as
ace eca
ace ace
arrangements arreglos
penn penn
approached abordado
joke broma
joke chiste
religions religiones
grants subvenciones
grants becas
grants subsidios
andrews andrews
moderate moderado
moderate moderados
moderate moderadas
moderate moderar
moderate moderada
stolen robada
stolen robados
stolen robadas
stolen robado
tributary afluente
pin alfiler
pin pin
carol carol
owns posee
prototype prototipo
prototype prototipos
copied copiado
canterbury canterbury
midnight midnight
midnight medianoche
quarterback mariscal
quarterback quarterback
duchy ducado
bailey bailey
performers artistas
handled manejado
handled manejada
exploration exploraciones
diversity diversidad
sixteen sixteen
findings hallazgos
findings conclusiones
findings descubrimientos
repeat repita
repeat repetir
repeat repite
repeat repito
brussels bruselas
imdb imdb
planets planetas
theatrical teatral
theatrical teatrales
reconnaissance reconocimientos
reconnaissance reconocimiento
shots tomas
shots disparos
shots tiros
shots chupitos
complaint queja
complaint quejas
complaint denuncia
batman batman
exhibited expuesto
exhibited exhibido
espn espn
investigate investigar
investigate investiga
investigate investigue
investigate investiguen
verify verificar
verify verifica
verify verifique
discontinued interrumpido
absent ausente
absent ausentes
girlfriend novia
resignation renuncia
explaining explicar
explaining explicando
tang tang
inches pulgadas
proven demostrada
proven probado
proven comprobada
proven demostrado
proven probada
franco franco
dying morir
dying muriendo
dying moribundo
tribal tribales
tribal tribal
tyler tyler
surrender rendirse
surrender entrego
glenn glenn
substance sustancia
substance substancia
focusing centrar
luxembourg luxemburgo
colored coloreado
administered administradas
administered administrado
administered administrados
administered administrada
explosion estallido
pushed empujado
generations generaciones
duck patos
duck patito
duck pato
duck duck
porter portero
porter mozo
porter porter
permanently permanentemente
memphis memphis
salvador salvador
emma emma
mit mit
zoo zoo
gibson gibson
emerging surgiendo
emerging emergiendo
emerging emergente
emerging emergentes
mere mera
mere mero
notre notre
portions porciones
macedonia macedonio
macedonia macedonia
curtis curtis
rescued rescatado
rescued rescatada
rescued rescatados
slovakia eslovaquia
elevated elevada
elevated elevado
elevated elevadas
elevated elevados
jeremy jeremy
listen escuchen
listen escuche
listen escuchar
listen escucha
impressive impresionantes
impressive impresionante
bradley bradley
surely seguramente
egg huevo
conquest conquistas
conquest conquista
rod vara
rod rod
rod varilla
algorithm algoritmo
burn arde
burn burn
burn quema
burn quemadura
burn quemar
thesis tesis
lover amante
lover enamorado
lover lover
capitol capitolio
capitol capitol
remembered recordada
remembered recordado
ferdinand fernando
marshal alguacil
marshal mariscal
marshal marshal
marshal comisario
balls cojones
balls bolas
balls pelotas
balls balones
nacional nacional
wrestlers luchadores
ahmed ahmed
sin pecado
sin sin
holocaust holocausto
edgar edgar
saxophone saxo
retain retener
curriculum curriculum
wishes desea
wishes deseos
prepare preparados
prepare prepararse
prepare preparar
ruins ruinas
ibm ibm
rochester rochester
nigerian nigeria
nigerian nigeriana
nigerian nigeriano
nigerian nigerianos
jesse jesse
malaysian malayo
malaysian malasia
atlas atlas
telegraph telegraph
performer artista
encounter encuentro
emily emilia
emily emily
dissolved disuelta
dissolved disuelto
catalogue catalogo
discrimination discriminaciones
myspace myspace
reveal revelar
reveal revela
reveal revelan
wizard mago
wizard hechicero
teen teen
teen adolescente
teen adolescentes
spots manchas
bomber bombardero
bomber bombarderos
foods comidas
foods alimentos
quest quest
connor connor
screenplay guion
motors motores
motors motors
minimal minimo
muscle muscular
prestigious prestigioso
prestigious prestigio
prestigious prestigiosos
prestigious prestigiosa
prestigious prestigiosas
sustainable sostenible
sustainable sustentable
sustainable sostenibles
chelsea chelsea
strict estrictas
strict rigurosa
strict estricta
strict estricto
strict estrictos
kingston kingston
sheep ovino
sheep ovinos
sheep ovejas
sheep oveja
andrea andrea
complaints quejas
complaints reclamaciones
complaints denuncias
connects conecta
defenders defensoras
defenders defensores
richardson richardson
nato nato
nato otan
teeth muelas
teeth dentadura
teeth diente
teeth dientes
occasional ocasionales
occasional ocasionalmente
occasional ocasional
strictly estrictamente
harper harper
fluid fluido
fluid fluida
fluid fluidos
fed alimentado
fed fed
newfoundland terranova
disbanded disuelta
disbanded disuelto
comparable comparables
comparable comparable
brien brien
compounds compuestos
pointing apuntando
edmund edmund
instances instancias
naturally naturalmente
forcing obligar
forcing forzar
forcing forzando
ussr urss
laser laser
lat lat
sculptor escultor
guild gremio
observer observador
observer observadora
worlds mundos
imprisoned encarcelado
imprisoned encarcelados
wrestler luchadora
wrestler luchador
praise elogio
praise elogios
praise alabanza
praise alabanzas
praise alabado
parishes parroquias
bones bones
bones huesos
css css
cox cox
contracts contratos
consequences consecuencias
provisions disposiciones
provisions provisiones
circulation tirada
butterfly butterfly
butterfly mariposa
butterfly mariposas
hugo hugo
abolished abolida
abolished abolido
abolished suprimido
algeria argelia
edu edu
spy espiar
cliff acantilados
cliff acantilado
cliff barranco
cliff precipicio
cliff cliff
reactions reacciones
lithuanian lituano
lithuanian lituana
lithuanian lituania
trick truco
trick trick
curve curva
accidents accidentes
accidents accidente
horizontal horizontales
horizontal horizontal
horizontal horizontalmente
legends leyendas
legends leyenda
enzyme enzimas
enzyme enzima
freight fletes
freight flete
lacks carece
broadcasts emisiones
broadcasts transmisiones
viii viii
caroline caroline
caroline carolina
pull tiren
pull tira
pull tirar
pull tire
pull jala
plymouth plymouth
cuts recortes
cuts cortes
catalog catalogo
dale dale
rape violaciones
engagement compromiso
coin monedas
coin moneda
lucy lucy
consequently consecuentemente
platinum platinum
platinum platino
twins gemelas
twins mellizos
twins gemelos
memories recuerdos
memories memorias
robertson robertson
verified comprobada
verified verificado
verified verificada
verified verificadas
verified comprobado
milton milton
defining definiendo
defining definir
dinner cenas
dinner cenar
dinner cena
hosting hospedaje
hosting hosting
thriller thriller
retreat retiro
retreat retirada
albany albany
abdul abdul
ignore ignore
ignore ignora
ignore ignorar
ignore ignoren
ignore ignoran
migration migraciones
carefully cuidadosamente
carefully atentamente
magnitude magnitud
sudan sudan
manages gestiona
manages administra
henderson henderson
explorer exploradora
explorer explorer
explorer explorador
marco marco
fusion fusion
aids sida
aids ayudas
gathered reunidos
reflected reflejada
reflected reflejado
reflected reflejados
presbyterian presbiteriana
estates haciendas
estates fincas
pound libra
allegedly supuestamente
allegedly presuntamente
delay demora
delay tardanza
delay retraso
delay retardo
developers desarrolladores
developers promotores
semifinals semifinales
semifinals semifinal
belfast belfast
kurt kurt
mayors alcaldes
windsor windsor
plates planchas
plates placas
plates chapas
plates platos
fourteen catorce
nominee nominado
nominee nominada
monroe monroe
hearts hearts
hearts corazones
belgrade belgrado
victories victorias
extending extendiendo
extending extender
glory glory
glory gloria
destroyer destructores
destroyer destructor
deeply profundamente
lectures ponencias
lectures conferencias
lectures charlas
affiliate afiliados
affiliate afiliado
affiliate afiliadas
preston preston
deceased fallecida
deceased fallecidos
deceased difuntos
deceased fallecido
speaks habla
gathering reuniendo
angry enfadado
angry enojada
angry enfadada
angry enojado
incomplete incompletas
incomplete incompleta
incomplete incompleto
incomplete incompletos
enrolled matriculado
enrolled matriculados
brad brad
skill habilidades
skill habilidad
skill destreza
intense intensos
intense intensa
intense intensas
intense intenso
tasmania tasmania
commitment compromiso
loved amado
loved amada
loved amaba
reforms reformas
rulers soberanos
rulers gobernantes
uruguay uruguay
sustained sostenido
sustained sostenida
sustained sostenidos
confirm confirmar
confirm confirma
confirm confirme
confirm confirmo
breed raza
breed razas
breed reproducirse
breed mestizo
auxiliary auxiliares
auxiliary auxiliar
enabled habilitado
enabled habilitada
enabled activada
enabled activado
licence licencia
refugees refugiadas
refugees refugiados
refugees refugiado
adrian adrian
adrian adriano
pipe tubo
pipe pipa
karen karen
karen karina
altered alterados
altered alterado
altered alterada
budapest budapest
heir heredera
heir heredero
advisor consejera
advisor asesora
advisor asesor
advisor consejero
illustrate ilustrar
illustrate ilustra
illustrate ilustran
authorized autorizado
authorized autorizadas
authorized autorizados
authorized autorizada
hide ocultar
hide oculta
hide ocultarse
hide esconderse
hide esconder
announcement anuncio
compact compactos
compact compacto
compact compacta
compact compactas
compact pacto
tissue tejidos
tissue tejido
refuses rechaza
receiver receptor
civilians civil
civilians civiles
marsh marismas
marsh pantano
marsh marsh
vinyl vinilo
vinyl vinilos
delayed retrasado
delayed retraso
delayed demorado
encountered tropezado
wednesday miercoles
checking comprobando
chilean chilena
chilean chileno
chilean chile
chilean chilenos
hey oye
hey ey
hey hey
chambers chambers
chambers salas
demo demo
agrees acuerda
ahmad ahmad
santos santos
paying pagar
paying pagando
interpreted interpretados
interpreted interpretado
interpreted interpretadas
interpreted interpretada
submit presentar
submit someter
submit enviar
desired deseados
desired deseado
desired deseada
desired deseadas
followers seguidores
observatory observatorio
springfield springfield
kit kit
remarks observaciones
burton burton
inns posadas
monarch monarca
observations observaciones
beetle escarabajo
beetle escarabajos
promised prometida
promised prometido
promised prometidos
palomar palomar
cream cremas
cream nata
cream cream
cream crema
presenter presentador
presenter presentadora
potter potter
favourite favoritos
favourite favorita
favourite favorito
transformation transformaciones
mcdonald mcdonald
bavaria baviera
kumar kumar
nineteenth xix
severely severamente
severely gravemente
mixture mezcla
browser explorador
browser navegador
endangered amenazadas
endangered peligro
endangered amenazado
mate mate
everybody todos
lyon lyon
kyle kyle
afl afl
brook brook
brook arroyo
ping ping
extends extiende
aggregate agregados
aggregate agregada
aggregate agregado
variants variantes
baroque barroca
baroque barroco
iso iso
collapsed colapsado
collapsed derrumbado
integral integrales
integral integral
jake jake
hopes esperanzas
cornell cornell
modes modos
servant criado
servant siervo
servant sirviente
servant sirvienta
kenny kenny
hurt lastimado
hurt herido
maker hacedor
maker maker
maker creador
inline inline
carlo carlo
lynn lynn
stability estabilidad
hoping esperando
imposed impuesta
imposed impuestas
confusing confuso
confusing confusa
confusing confusas
confusing confundiendo
beetles escarabajos
joel joel
jets jets
jets chorros
logos logos
logos logotipos
vital vitales
vital vital
malcolm malcom
malcolm malcolm
winnipeg winnipeg
kilometers kilometros
songwriters compositores
buddhism budismo
nose nose
nose nariz
respected respetado
respected respetados
respected respetada
pace ritmo
pace pace
thunder thunder
thunder trueno
thunder truenos
centered centrado
centered centrada
physicians medicos
physicians facultativos
bolivia bolivia
forget olvide
forget olvido
forget olvidar
forget olvida
implies implica
crops cosechas
crops cultivos
halifax halifax
toll peaje
toll peajes
monk monje
extraordinary extraordinarias
extraordinary extraordinaria
extraordinary extraordinario
extraordinary extraordinarios
lessons lecciones
lessons clases
pub taberna
pub pub
monte monte
segments segmentos
deer ciervos
deer ciervo
deer venado
wireless wireless
mysterious misteriosos
mysterious misterioso
mysterious misteriosas
mysterious misteriosa
consultant consultor
consultant consultora
consultant asesor
consultant asesora
fraser fraser
formats formatos
jam mermeladas
jam jam
jam atasco
jam mermelada
chicken pollito
chicken pollos
chicken gallina
chicken pollo
enable activar
enable habilitar
idol idol
reid reid
births partos
births nacimientos
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
amazing increible
pet pet
pet mascota
pet mascotas
upset disgustado
upset molesto
loves ama
loves amores
stretch estirar
stretch tramo
stretch estiramiento
nominate designar
striking llamativo
striker delantero
accidentally accidentalmente
louisville louisville
hopkins hopkins
eds eds
goddess diosa
burials entierros
resumed reanudado
satisfy satisfacer
voltage voltaje
betty betty
marion marion
export export
export exportaciones
export exportar
lightning lightning
lightning rayos
lightning rayo
impressed impresionado
impressed impresionados
impressed impresionada
maintains mantiene
aggressive agresivos
aggressive agresivo
aggressive agresividad
aggressive agresiva
aggressive agresivas
jin jin
julie julie
fbi fbi
yankees yanquis
yankees yankees
ludwig luis
ludwig ludwig
pond estanque
pond pond
pond laguna
suburban suburbana
enlisted alistado
moments moments
moments momentos
moments instantes
interim interino
interim provisionales
interim interina
interim provisional
argues argumenta
lucky afortunados
lucky afortunada
lucky afortunado
lucky suerte
lucky lucky
lon lon
speedway speedway
regiments regimientos
prevented prevenido
prevented impedido
toy juguetes
toy toy
toy juguete
bicycle bici
bicycle bicicletas
bicycle bicicleta
purely puramente
interactions interacciones
fraud fraude
fraud fraudes
lang lang
arcade arcade
lecture conferencia
sanctuary santuario
dragons dragones
copa copa
careful cuidadoso
careful cuidadosos
careful cuidado
careful cuidadosa
nurse enfermera
nurse enfermero
rivals rivales
module modulo
supplement suplementos
supplement complemento
supplement suplemento
lens cristalino
lens lente
lens lentes
patron patron
patron patrona
patron mecenas
commands comandos
commands mandos
trend tendencias
trend tendencia
superintendent superintendente
gerald gerald
rap rap
geneva ginebra
ash cenizas
ash ceniza
ash ash
blade hoja
blade blade
blade filo
blade espada
blade cuchilla
disappeared desaparecido
disappeared desaparecidos
disappeared desaparecida
array array
array matriz
patrolling patrullar
patrolling patrullas
patrolling patrullaje
patrolling patrullando
predominantly predominantemente
committees comisiones
loose suelto
loose suelta
loose flojo
boom boom
boom auge
boom bum
sailors marineros
sailors marinos
beaten golpeados
beaten vencido
beaten golpeado
smoke fumar
smoke humo
smoke humos
assassination asesinato
assassination asesinatos
lancaster lancaster
reynolds reynolds
divorce divorcio
divorce divorcios
dust polvo
saxon sajones
saxon saxon
separately separadamente
separately separado
grain cereales
grain grano
grain granos
executives ejecutivas
executives ejecutivos
translations traducciones
zimbabwe zimbabwe
zimbabwe zimbabue
thrown arrojado
cohen cohen
puts pone
diving buceo
diving bucear
diving submarinismo
carroll carroll
accounting contable
accounting contabilidad
mesa meseta
mesa mesa
mesa misa
prussia prusia
intelligent inteligentes
intelligent inteligente
cherry cerezas
cherry cherry
cherry cereza
cherry cerezo
underlying subyacente
underlying subyacentes
tobacco tabaco
cleaned limpiado
varieties variedades
bench banca
bench banco
directions indicaciones
directions instrucciones
directions direcciones
ellen elena
ellen ellen
padding relleno
measurement mediciones
measurement medida
paradise paraiso
paradise paradise
complement complemento
complement complementar
witch brujo
witch bruja
attraction atractivo
diana diana
personalities personalidades
personalities personalidad
colleagues colegas
busy ocupada
busy ocupado
busy ocupados
busy ocupadas
cia cia
cia cla
screenwriter guionista
rankings ranking
rankings rankings
rankings clasificaciones
aboriginal aborigen
commanders comandantes
salem salem
wagner wagner
firms firmas
sanctions sanciones
endings finales
instructor instructora
instructor instructor
nobility nobleza
divorced divorciada
divorced divorciados
divorced divorciadas
divorced divorciado
varies varia
tomorrow manana
tomorrow tomorrow
manuscripts manuscritos
unified unificado
unified unificados
unified unificada
unified unificadas
clarify clarificar
clarify aclarar
scouts cazatalentos
scouts exploradores
scouts scouts
investigations investigaciones
silva silva
derek derek
agenda temario
agenda agenda
humanity humanidad
admit admitir
admit admita
admit admite
admit admiten
terror terror
terror terrorismo
contestants concursantes
contestants participantes
trinidad trinidad
distant lejano
distant lejana
distant distante
distant distantes
distant lejanos
burke burke
releasing liberando
releasing soltando
recalled recordaron
shrine santuario
sail navegar
sail vela
sail velero
willie willie
karnataka karnataka
celebrate celebrar
celebrate celebra
celebrate celebran
celebrate celebre
ranch rancho
collaborated colaborado
collaborated colaboraron
vampire vampiros
vampire vampiro
playwright dramaturgo
sick enfermo
sick enfermas
sick enferma
sick enfermos
associates asociados
associates socios
associates asociadas
heinrich heinrich
flags pabellones
flags banderas
tel tel
drove condujo
shorts short
shorts cortos
shorts shorts
drives impulsa
drives maneja
drives conduce
accomplished cumplida
accomplished logrado
recruited reclutado
recruited reclutados
uprising levantamiento
uprising revuelta
edwin edwin
velocity velocidad
raiders raiders
coordinates coordinadas
coordinates coordina
coordinates coordenadas
brighton brighton
viola viola
morrison morrison
boxer boxeador
boxer boxer
finale final
shoulder hombro
shoulder hombros
disabled desactivada
disabled desactivado
disabled discapacitados
disabled discapacitado
joins une
div div
ernst ernesto
innocent inocentes
innocent inocencia
innocent inocente
rapper rapero
settle conformarse
settle asentarse
privacy privacidad
privacy confidencialidad
privacy intimidad
boeing boeing
cites cites
emmy emmy
indo indo
indo indochina
distinguish distinguir
distinguish distinguen
rosa rosa
thermal termal
flute flauta
marines marina
marines infantes
marines marines
feminist feminismo
feminist feminista
feminist feministas
trustees patronato
trustees fiduciarios
sculptures esculturas
sculptures escultura
bacteria bacteria
bacteria bacterias
introduce introducir
landmarks hitos
disorders trastornos
rivalry rivalidades
rivalry rivalidad
honored honorable
honored honrada
honored honrado
honored honrados
healthy sano
healthy saludables
healthy saludable
healthy sana
circus circus
circus circo
speculation especulaciones
burma birmania
sec seg
sec sec
quiet silencio
quiet tranquilo
quiet tranquila
quiet tranquilidad
quiet callado
knee rodilla
knee rodillas
deliver entrego
deliver entregar
referendum plebiscito
referendum referendo
referendum referendos
travelling viajando
travelling viajar
estonian estonio
estonian estonios
estonian estonia
pastor pastor
pastor pastora
sofia sofia
tribune tribuna
tribune tribune
lasting duradera
lasting duradero
permit permitir
permit permiso
priority prioritario
priority prioridad
priority prioritaria
pounds kilos
pounds libras
cent centavo
consequence consecuencia
rica rica
furniture mobiliario
furniture muebles
furniture mueble
macdonald macdonald
honest sincero
honest honesto
honest honesta
honest honestos
innovative innovadora
innovative innovadoras
innovative innovadores
innovative innovador
estimate estimaciones
estimate estimado
estimate estimar
atp atp
syracuse siracusa
syracuse syracuse
lecturer conferenciante
automated automatizada
automated automatizado
automated automatizados
obscure oscuro
obscure oscura
kosovo kosovo
julius julio
appreciated apreciada
appreciated apreciados
appreciated apreciadas
appreciated apreciado
sebastian sebastian
activated activado
activated activados
activated activadas
activated activada
varied variada
varied variado
varied variados
varied variadas
offense ofensa
advised aconsejado
barnes barnes
acknowledged reconocido
acknowledged reconocidos
acknowledged reconocida
exceptions excepciones
martha marta
martha martha
quarters trimestres
quarters cuartos
drawings dibujos
barely apenas
barely escasamente
hitting golpeando
hitting bateo
hitting golpear
refuge refugio
maharashtra maharashtra
conventions convenios
conventions convenciones
elliott elliott
brigadier brigadier
malayalam malayalam
thursday jueves
icon icono
icon icon
ulster ulster
genes genes
infinite infinita
infinite infinito
infinite infinitos
infinite infinitas
considerably considerablemente
vale vale
portraits retrato
portraits retratos
paste pasta
paste pegar
paste pega
paste pegue
randy randy
saxony sajonia
convoy convoy
annie annie
annie anita
excessive excesivos
excessive excesivo
excessive excesiva
excessive excesivas
believing creyendo
believing creer
rhine rin
rhine rhin
mineral minerales
mineral mineral
implement implementar
surgeon cirujana
surgeon cirujano
badge placa
badge insignia
charleston charleston
infection infecciones
electron electrones
walt walt
cnn cnn
likewise igualmente
tonight tonight
accommodate acomodar
casino casino
doctorate doctorado
aux aux
guatemala guatemala
settings configuraciones
settings ajustes
settings preferencias
mask mascarilla
mask mascara
shelter refugios
shelter refugio
shelter albergue
dorothy dorothy
ethnicity etnia
ethnicity etnias
hopefully ojala
hopefully esperemos
heath heath
pregnant embarazadas
pregnant embarazada
pregnant embarazo
richards richards
theodore theodore
theodore teodoro
delegates delegadas
delegates delegados
blair blair
fac fac
phrases frases
crashed chocado
crashed estrellado
preference preferencia
janeiro janeiro
concerto concierto
bits bits
construct construir
tune afinar
tune sintonizar
unofficial extraoficial
bulk grueso
bulk granel
lighthouse faro
stan stan
highland altiplano
highland highland
mascot mascota
squadrons escuadrones
tight apretado
tight apretada
tight ajustado
considers considera
hub hub
mess desorden
wilderness selva
routine rutina
routine rutinario
reviewing revisando
dubbed doblada
dubbed apodado
dozens docenas
dozens decenas
spotted descubierta
spotted visto
spotted manchado
harmony harmony
entrepreneur emprendedor
entrepreneur empresaria
entrepreneur emprendedores
entrepreneur emprendedora
entrepreneur empresario
wwe wwe
apollo apolo
apollo apollo
runway pista
runway pasarela
naked desnudo
naked desnuda
naked desnudas
naked desnudos
anton anton
moses moses
legally legalmente
nominating designar
fake falsa
fake farsante
fake falsos
fake falso
biased parcial
revolt revuelta
equity equidad
providence providence
providence providencia
investors inversores
investors inversionistas
reliability confiabilidad
reliability fiabilidad
tenor tenor
fights peleas
fights luchas
pocket pocket
pocket bolsillo
sad tristes
sad triste
sad sad
troy troy
troy troya
treasure tesoros
treasure tesoro
ion ion
ion iones
transformed transformados
transformed transformado
transformed transformada
transformed transformadas
roberto roberto
adoption adopciones
decrease descenso
decrease disminuir
decrease disminuye
reserved reservada
reserved reservados
reserved reservado
forgotten olvidado
forgotten olvidados
forgotten olvidadas
forgotten olvidada
lok lok
crop cosechas
crop cultivos
crop cultivo
crop recortar
crop cosecha
licensing licencias
licensing licencia
collecting coleccionar
treasury tesoro
treasury hacienda
trumpet trompeta
johnston johnston
uncertain incierta
uncertain incertidumbre
uncertain inciertos
uncertain incierto
norton norton
collector coleccionista
collector recaudador
collector colector
collector coleccionistas
cluster cluster
dear querido
dear estimado
dear estimados
dear queridos
dear querida
georges georges
roller rodillos
roller rodillo
roller roller
clothes ropa
clothes ropas
sovereign soberano
sovereign soberana
sovereign soberanos
enhanced mejorado
enhanced mejorada
compensation compensaciones
compensation indemnizaciones
consent consentir
consent consentimiento
outline esquema
outline contorno
outline esbozo
holdings holdings
holdings explotaciones
holdings tenencias
holdings participaciones
jorge jorge
darkness tinieblas
darkness oscuridad
penalties penas
penalties castigos
penalties sanciones
penalties penalizaciones
bombers bombarderos
holes huecos
holes agujeros
holes hoyos
blow soplar
blow sopla
cooking cocinando
cooking cocinar
cooking cocina
aftermath secuelas
trainer entrenador
trainer entrenadora
trainer formadores
trainer formador
measuring medir
lawsuit demanda
lawsuit pleito
chip chip
consciousness consciencia
consciousness conciencia
latvia letonia
telugu telugu
blogs blogs
protecting proteger
protecting protegiendo
hardy hardy
nicknamed apodado
scorer goleador
stamp sellos
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
nat nat
fur pieles
fur piel
fur pelaje
redirected redirigido
estimates estimaciones
estimates estimados
lit lit
lit encendida
lit encendido
lit iluminado
ritual ritual
ritual rituales
locality localidad
trace trazas
trace trace
trace traza
trace rastro
trace trazo
foundations cimientos
foundations fundaciones
foundations fundamentos
nottingham nottingham
derivative derivada
derivative derivado
derivative derivados
derivative derivadas
boxers boxeadores
dimension dimensiones
touchdowns touchdowns
crawford crawford
yugoslav yugoslavos
yugoslav yugoslavia
yugoslav yugoslavo
yugoslav yugoslava
tanzania tanzania
succeed triunfar
motto lema
streak racha
concentrated concentrado
concentrated concentrada
concentrated concentradas
concentrated concentrados
dirty sucia
dirty sucias
dirty sucios
dirty dirty
dirty sucio
hayes hayes
xbox xbox
identifying identificando
identifying identificar
likes gusta
likes likes
likes gustos
forbes forbes
councils consejos
councils concejos
adequate adecuada
adequate adecuados
adequate adecuado
brass bronce
brass brass
bach bach
alias alias
counsel letrado
counsel abogada
counsel abogado
wore llevaba
tough duro
tough duros
tough rudo
tough dura
advertisement anuncio
advertisement publicidad
protagonist protagonista
trails senderos
demanded exigido
claire claire
mistakes errores
bruno bruno
dylan dylan
bag bolso
bag bolsa
throwing tirando
throwing lanzando
churchill churchill
tan tan
tan bronceado
climb subida
climb escalada
climb subir
climb escalar
climb ascenso
witnesses testigos
anybody cualquiera
bots bots
bots robots
presenting presentando
presenting presentamos
highlights destacadas
highlights destaca
highlights destacados
highlights reflejos
jumping saltos
jumping salto
jumping saltando
jumping saltar
prof prof
slovak eslovaca
slovak eslovaco
skull calavera
skull skull
missionaries misioneros
ordained ordenados
ordained ordenado
eventual eventual
myth mito
myth mitos
mandatory obligatoriedad
mandatory obligatoria
mandatory obligatorio
mandatory obligatorios
mandatory obligatorias
stern severo
stern popa
stern severa
stern stern
fees tarifas
fees tasas
fees honorarios
bet apostar
bet apuesta
bet bet
bet apuesto
monks monje
monks monjes
dancers bailarinas
dancers bailarines
quantity cantidad
inventor inventores
inventor inventor
cairo cairo
graves fosas
graves graves
graves tumba
graves tumbas
proximity proximidad
seemingly aparentemente
sue sue
sue demandar
armament armamentos
armament armamento
barrier barrera
creatures criaturas
logan logan
erik erik
erik erick
leicester leicester
silence silencio
silence silenciar
jessica jessica
plateau meseta
plateau altiplano
finite finito
precedent precedentes
precedent precedente
walsh walsh
zones zonas
intensity intensidad
exterior exteriores
exterior exterior
murders homicidios
murders asesinatos
paragraphs apartados
costume disfraces
costume disfraz
costume traje
costume vestuario
bike bici
bike bicicletas
bike moto
bike bike
bike bicicleta
neighborhoods vecindarios
neighborhoods barrios
imprisonment encarcelamiento
suffolk suffolk
forwards delanteras
forwards delanteros
remarkable notable
differ difieren
tin tin
tin hojalata
garcia garcia
madagascar madagascar
cameras camara
ammunition municiones
fires fuegos
fires incendios
explore explorar
explore explore
explore explora
builder constructor
minneapolis minneapolis
occurring ocurriendo
bullet balazo
bullet bala
kerry kerry
subway subte
subway metro
arrow flecha
arrow arrow
economist economistas
economist economista
bread pan
lou lou
strategies estrategias
rubber goma
rubber caucho
rubber gomas
precise precisos
precise preciso
precise precisa
rifles fusil
rifles fusiles
rifles rifles
cognitive cognitiva
cognitive cognitivas
cognitive cognitivo
nest nido
nest nidos
slam slam
ancestry ascendencia
portsmouth portsmouth
miscellany miscellany
convince convencer
convince convence
audiences audiencias
boarding embarque
boarding abordar
boarding abordaje
boarding abordando
boarding embarcar
bonds lazos
bonds bonos
joshua joshua
inhabited habitadas
inhabited habitada
inhabited habitado
casey casey
attract atraen
attract atrae
attract atraiga
attract atraer
pump bomba
feeding alimentando
feeding alimentarse
prey presas
prey presa
ain ain
diary diario
diary agenda
vulnerable vulnerables
vulnerable vulnerable
dubai dubai
michelle michelle
lebanese libanesa
lebanese libaneses
productive productivo
productive productivos
productive productivas
productive productiva
guided guiada
guided guiados
guided guiado
happening sucediendo
happening ocurriendo
researcher investigadora
researcher investigador
della della
baden baden
upgraded mejorado
demonstration demostraciones
equality igualdad
trap trampa
clara clara
marking marcado
expertise pericia
expertise experiencia
expertise peritaje
sacramento sacramento
certification certificaciones
precisely precisamente
casting colada
casting casting
submarines submarinos
prohibited prohibida
prohibited prohibido
prohibited prohibidas
prohibited prohibidos
supposedly supuestamente
governance gobernanza
governance gobierno
governance gobernabilidad
frog sapo
frog rana
vague vago
vague vagas
vague vagos
vague impreciso
vague vaga
tackles aborda
mhz mhz
secular secular
secular seculares
secular laico
secular laica
tracking rastreando
tracking seguimiento
tracking rastreo
spa balnearios
spa spa
spa balneario
publicity publicidad
armoured blindados
armoured blindado
cleared despejado
cleared aclarado
watts vatios
watts watts
gibraltar gibraltar
renewed renovados
renewed renovado
renewed renovada
reflects refleje
reflects reflexiona
reflects refleja
fever fiebre
melody melody
supporter partidario
elaborate elaborado
elaborate elaborados
elaborate elaboradas
elaborate elaborada
jeffrey jeffrey
discusses discute
surnames apellidos
useless inservible
useless inutil
swift veloz
swift swift
tuesday martes
silly tonto
silly tonta
empress emperatriz
capabilities capacidad
capabilities capacidades
newman newman
scales balanza
scales escamas
scales balanzas
scales escalas
beatles beatles
clergy clero
jacksonville jacksonville
sara sara
bee abeja
bee bee
holders titulares
holders tenedores
holders poseedores
czechoslovakia checoslovaquia
brandon brandon
loaded cargada
loaded cargados
loaded cargadas
loaded cargado
maya maya
maya mayas
enterprises empresas
enterprises enterprises
imo omi
mature maduras
mature madurar
mature madura
mature maduro
sequences secuencias
breast mama
breast pechuga
breast seno
breast pecho
beast beast
beast bestia
raja raja
educator educador
bang bang
griffin griffin
griffin grifo
rhodes rhodes
rhodes rodas
preparing preparando
itv itv
ana ana
rainbow rainbow
rainbow arcoiris
demon demonio
prussian prusiano
prussian prusia
prussian prusiana
equations ecuaciones
answered contestado
answered respondido
ist ist
distributor distribuidor
entities entidades
entities entes
jackie jackie
fiji fiji
fiji fiyi
insufficient insuficiente
insufficient insuficientes
homer homer
homer homero
larvae larvas
larvae larva
limestone caliza
johns johns
chaos caos
chaos desmadre
chang chang
layers capas
chad chad
seized confiscado
seized incautados
seized incautado
webster webster
excess exceso
excess excedente
excess excesos
bombardment bombardeos
bombardment bombardeo
ashley ashley
dot dot
dot punto
gif gif
translator traductor
translator traductora
cowboys vaqueros
cowboys cowboys
counted contaba
counted contado
counted contados
counted contadas
hanging colgado
hanging ahorcamiento
hanging colgando
soprano soprano
interviewed entrevistado
interviewed entrevistados
governmental gubernamental
workshops talleres
terrain terrenos
terrain terreno
belarus bielorrusia
liked gustado
liked gustaba
console consola
console consolas
nascar nascar
teenage adolescente
teenage adolescentes
teenage adolescencia
applying aplicando
graduates titulados
graduates graduados
graduates egresados
graduates licenciados
jungle jungla
jungle selva
ballot boleta
fairy hada
fairy hadas
tourists turistas
reasonably razonablemente
performs realiza
quarterly trimestralmente
quarterly trimestrales
quarterly trimestre
quarterly trimestral
romans romanos
rpm rpm
diploma diplomado
diploma diploma
circa circa
environments entornos
environments ambientes
collaborative colaborativo
swan swan
swan cisne
carpenter carpenter
carpenter carpintero
carpenter carpinteros
petition peticion
boris boris
berry baya
berry berry
berry bayas
invention invento
invention inventos
invention inventiva
southampton southampton
prairie pradera
bend curva
bend bend
bend doblar
app app
finalist finalista
finalist finalistas
questioned interrogados
questioned cuestionado
questioned cuestionada
questioned preguntado
questioned interrogado
draws dibuja
governed gobernada
governed gobernado
governed gobernados
slight ligera
slight leve
slight ligero
drag arrastra
drag drag
drag arrastrar
drag arrastre
maxwell maxwell
planes planos
planes aviones
everyday cotidiano
everyday cotidiana
oriental orientales
oriental oriental
manufacture manufactura
airing emitirse
airing transmitirse
acclaimed aclamado
coordinator coordinador
coordinator coordinadora
bombs bombas
mohammad mohammad
mohammad mahoma
bassist bajista
superman superman
colombian colombiano
colombian colombianas
colombian colombia
colombian colombiana
philippe philippe
felix felix
greene greene
voluntary voluntario
voluntary voluntariado
voluntary voluntaria
floating flotantes
floating flotando
floating flotar
floating flotante
montenegro montenegro
sketch boceto
sketch bosquejo
sketch sketch
sketch esbozo
mann mann
flooding inundaciones
flooding inundando
escort escolta
escort escoltas
dressed vestida
dressed vestidos
dressed vestido
sudden repentino
sudden repentina
variables variables
arbitrary arbitraria
arbitrary arbitrarias
arbitrary arbitrarios
arbitrary arbitrariedad
arbitrary arbitrario
skiing esquiar
timothy timoteo
timothy timothy
cello chelo
cello violonchelo
rainfall lluvias
rainfall precipitaciones
rafael rafael
sphere esfera
rewrite reescribir
georg georg
canvas lona
canvas canvas
canvas lienzo
chest cofre
chest pecho
krishna krishna
provider proveedor
frances frances
crowned coronado
crowned coronada
wanting querer
wanting queriendo
carved tallados
carved tallado
carved tallada
poles postes
poles polos
poles polacos
cabin camarote
cabin cabina
avoided evitado
avoided evitarse
lisbon lisboa
tongue lengua
endorsed respaldado
eliminate eliminar
panels tableros
panels paneles
darwin darwin
cheese queso
cheese quesos
easter pascua
easter pascuas
rat ratas
rat rat
rat rata
papua papua
insert inserte
insert inserta
insert insertar
descriptions descripciones
debates debates
debates debate
informal informal
informal oficiosa
informal oficioso
informal informales
castles castillos
cry llorar
cry llora
cry grito
cry cry
cry llanto
loyal fieles
loyal leales
loyal leal
surfaces superficies
nicolas nicolas
institutes institutos
humor humor
madonna madonna
madonna virgen
worcester worcester
cooperative cooperativo
cooperative cooperativa
cooperative cooperativas
cooperative cooperativos
substantially sustancialmente
trips adpic
trips excursiones
trips viajes
winston winston
introducing introduciendo
introducing presentando
introducing presentamos
llc llc
drake drake
lunar lunares
lunar lunar
fountain fuente
tends tiende
patricia patricia
ers ers
quit renunciar
maple arce
maple maple
aberdeen aberdeen
verb verbos
verb verbo
illustrations ilustraciones
mechanisms mecanismos
reds rojos
posters afiches
posters posters
posters carteles
leipzig leipzig
santo santo
roland roland
roland rolando
expelled expulsada
expelled expulsado
expelled expulsados
evident evidentes
evident evidente
telecommunications telecomunicaciones
strait estrecho
nationals nacionales
unanimous unanimidad
sherman sherman
stefan esteban
stefan stefan
sleeping durmiendo
sleeping dormido
sleeping dormir
sleeping dormida
alto alto
crucial crucial
crucial cruciales
thomson thomson
directing dirigiendo
directing dirigir
prehistoric prehistoria
communicate comunicarse
communicate comunicar
alphabet alfabeto
zagreb zagreb
chef chef
chef cocinero
tubes tubos
carnegie carnegie
hostile hostil
hostile hostiles
prizes premios
eighteen dieciocho
eighteen eighteen
shirt camiseta
shirt camisa
shirt playera
weird raro
pursued perseguido
loading cargar
loading cargando
loading carga
edges aristas
edges bordes
plantation plantaciones
vernon vernon
acre acre
practiced practicado
wonderful maravilloso
wonderful maravillosas
wonderful maravillosos
wonderful maravillosa
missiles misiles
finger dedo
garage garaje
garage cochera
garage garage
savage savage
savage salvajes
savage salvaje
shoes zapatillas
shoes zapatos
shoes calzado
climbing subiendo
climbing escalando
climbing escalada
climbing escalar
barrel barril
biographies biografia
spite rencor
spite despecho
assembled montado
assembled reunido
assembled reunidos
ham jamones
ham ham
geoffrey godofredo
geoffrey geoffrey
histories historiales
histories historias
commenting comentando
osaka osaka
beck beck
monkey mono
monkey monkey
monkey monito
monkey monos
tackle aparejos
tackle abordar
listening escuchando
listening escucho
listening escuchar
integrity integridad
definitions definiciones
baldwin balduino
baldwin baldwin
troop tropa
troop tropas
objections objeciones
marina marina
sixty sixty
sixty sesenta
differential diferencial
differential diferenciales
venus venus
salmon salmones
stade stade
depicts representa
francesco francesco
abortion aborto
abortion abortos
monica monica
elephant elefante
polar polar
polar polares
trademark marca
trademark marcas
ton tonelada
ton toneladas
ton ton
provisional provisionales
provisional provisional
counting contando
counting contar
corn maiz
trucks camiones
trucks carretillas
sank hundido
deutsche deutsche
absorbed absorbida
absorbed absorbidos
absorbed absorbido
par par
tension tensiones
pablo pablo
aviv aviv
cleaning limpieza
cleaning limpiando
cleaning limpiar
judgement sentencia
catalina catalina
preventing impidiendo
preventing prevenir
disasters desastres
lesbian lesbiana
lesbian lesbianas
rays rayos
withdrawal retiro
withdrawal retirada
walks caminatas
walks camina
walks paseos
trailer remolque
trailer trailer
janet janet
tornado tornado
tornado tornados
aunt tia
distribute distribuya
distribute distribuir
distribute distribuye
genesis genesis
shallow superficial
mentioning mencionar
mentioning mencionando
requesting solicitando
requesting solicitar
floors pisos
floors suelos
violate violan
violate viole
violate violar
violate infringir
scattered dispersas
scattered disperso
scattered dispersa
scattered dispersos
boyfriend novio
boyfriend novios
consolidated consolidada
consolidated consolidado
consolidated consolidados
consolidated consolidadas
determining determinando
determining determinante
determining determinar
catholicism catolicismo
luther luther
luther lutero
pleasure placer
constructive constructiva
constructive constructivas
constructive constructivo
constructive constructivos
webb webb
battalions batallones
alberto alberto
magical magico
deliberately deliberadamente
sacrifice sacrificio
sacrifice sacrificar
sacrifice sacrificios
olive aceituna
olive olivos
olive olive
olive oliva
corridor corredor
corridor pasillo
compatible compatible
compatible compatibles
receptor receptor
kiev kiev
vista vista
castro castro
preceded precedida
preceded precedieron
preceded precedido
wei wei
pleasant agradable
pleasant pleasant
pleasant agradables
pleasant placentera
miscellaneous varios
miscellaneous diversos
ultra ultra
clinic clinica
itunes itunes
patriots patriotas
treasurer tesorero
herman herman
questionable cuestionables
questionable cuestionable
questionable discutible
sally sally
rex rex
mvp mvp
stuck atascado
stuck atascada
stuck atrapado
openly abiertamente
afghan afgana
afghan afganos
afghan afganas
afghan afgano
inferior inferiores
inferior inferior
vatican vaticano
folklore folklore
folklore folclore
cruiser crucero
silk seda
agreements convenios
agreements acuerdos
armour armadura
armour armaduras
armour blindaje
stamps estampillas
stamps sellos
specimens ejemplares
consumers consumidores
consumers consumidor
defines define
cage jaula
cage jaulas
cage cage
vicinity vecindad
vicinity inmediaciones
ferguson ferguson
correspondence correspondencia
correspondence correspondencias
illustrates ilustra
cheshire cheshire
pageant certamen
amanda amanda
pos pos
bye bye
bye adios
employer empleadores
employer empleador
employer empresario
browns browns
tibetan tibetanos
tibetan tibetana
tibetan tibetano
nixon nixon
recreational recreativas
recreational recreativo
capability capacidad
panthers panteras
panthers panthers
objection protesto
objection objeciones
violated violada
violated violados
violated violado
chocolate chocolates
chocolate chocolate
helsinki helsinki
bedford bedford
cambodia camboya
grandmother abuela
rounded redondeadas
rounded redondeada
rounded redondeado
fitness gimnasio
fitness aptitud
fitness fitness
halls salones
halls pasillos
midlands midlands
jung jung
brilliant brillante
brilliant brillantes
libya libia
transported transportados
transported transportado
transported transportada
transported transportadas
angela angela
creature criatura
gather reunir
android android
android androide
deposits yacimientos
mentor mentor
mentor mentores
freeman freeman
apartments apartamentos
apartments pisos
uci uci
puppet marioneta
carey carey
hiding escondiendo
hiding ocultar
hiding oculto
hiding ocultando
hiding escondido
meyer meyer
gameplay jugabilidad
lima lima
freeway autopista
kirk kirk
batteries pilas
batteries acumuladores
chains cadenas
ucla ucla
recover recuperar
recover recupera
recover recupere
recover recuperarse
wong wong
ear oreja
servants siervos
servants criados
servants servidumbre
servants sirvientes
combine combinan
combine combinen
combine combine
combine combinar
decent decentes
decent decente
cubs cubs
cubs cachorros
deputies diputados
hawk hawk
contestant concursante
cumberland cumberland
rational racional
rational racionales
altar altar
ufc ufc
organize organice
organize organizan
organize organizarse
organize organizar
organize organiza
exhibits exposiciones
exhibits exhibiciones
subjective subjetiva
subjective subjetivo
subjective subjetivos
chennai chennai
dong dong
threshold umbral
threshold umbrales
myanmar birmania
myanmar myanmar
proud orgullosa
proud orgulloso
proud proud
proud orgullosos
custody custodia
surveillance vigilancia
threatening amenazante
threatening amenazador
threatening amenazar
penny centavo
penny penique
penny penny
kannada kannada
rector rectora
rector rector
petroleum petroleo
bug bicho
bug insecto
bug bug
proceed procedan
proceed proceder
proceed proceda
chapman chapman
mud fango
mud lodo
mud barro
decree decreto
regulatory regulador
regulatory reglamentaria
honey honey
honey miel
diagram diagrama
broadcaster emisora
broadcaster locutor
complexity complejidad
riley riley
displacement desplazamiento
displacement desplazamientos
sponsor patrocinio
sponsor patrocinador
ira ira
condemned condenado
condemned condenados
condemned condenadas
condemned condenada
careers carreras
haiti haiti
wisdom sabiduria
pierce pierce
