telugu telugu
blogs blogue
blogs blogs
hardy hardy
scorer marqueur
stamp cachet
stamp timbre
stamp timbres
stamp tampon
nat nat
fur fourrure
fur fourrures
fur pelage
estimates estimations
ritual rituels
ritual rituel
trace traces
trace tracer
trace trace
marble bille
marble marbres
marble marbre
foundations fondements
foundations fondations
politically politiquement
nottingham nottingham
boxers boxeurs
dimension dimension
touchdowns touchdowns
crawford crawford
bats chauves
bats battes
yugoslav yougoslaves
yugoslav yougoslave
tanzania tanzanie
motto devise
dirty sale
dirty sales
hayes hayes
xbox xbox
identifying identifier
likes aime
genres genres
galleries galeries
forbes forbes
brass cuivre
brass cuivres
brass laiton
bach bach
alias alias
alias pseudonyme
alias pseudonymes
wore portaient
wore portait
tough dur
tough coriace
advertisement annonce
protagonist protagoniste
trails sentiers
claire claire
mistakes fautes
mistakes erreurs
bruno bruno
dylan dylan
bag sac
bag sachet
bag sacoche
churchill churchill
tan tan
tan bronzage
climb grimper
thames tamise
kazakhstan kazakhstan
highlights souligne
jumping sauter
jumping sauts
jumping sautant
jumping saut
prof prof
slovak slovaque
slovak slovaques
missionaries missionnaires
myth mythes
myth mythe
mandatory obligatoire
mandatory obligatoires
mandatory obligatoirement
stern poupe
stern stern
fees frais
fees honoraires
bet bet
bet pari
bet parie
bet parier
monks moines
dancers danseuses
dancers danseurs
inventor inventeur
cairo caire
graves tombes
graves tombeaux
graves graves
graves fosses
sue sue
armament armements
armament armement
logan logan
erik erik
leicester leicester
silence silences
silence silence
jessica jessica
plateau plateau
finite finie
finite finies
walsh walsh
zones zones
exterior exterieur
murders assassinats
murders meurtres
paragraphs paragraphes
costume costume
bike bicyclette
neighborhoods quartiers
imprisonment emprisonnement
suffolk suffolk
forwards transmet
remarkable remarquables
remarkable remarquable
tin tin
garcia garcia
madagascar madagascar
cameras appareils
ammunition munition
ammunition munitions
fires feux
fires incendies
explore explorer
builder constructeur
minneapolis minneapolis
bullet balle
bullet bullet
kerry kerry
arrow arrow
economist economist
bread pain
lou lou
rubber caoutchouc
rifles fusils
rifles carabines
cognitive cognitifs
cognitive cognitif
cognitive cognitive
cognitive cognitives
governorate gouvernorat
nest nids
nest nest
nest nid
slam slam
ancestry ascendance
portsmouth portsmouth
convince convaincre
convince convainc
audiences auditoires
audiences audiences
boarding embarquement
boarding abordage
bonds obligations
joshua joshua
casey casey
attract attirent
attract attirer
attract attire
pump pompe
pump pomper
feeding nourrir
prey proies
prey proie
ain ain
diary journal
diary agenda
inscription inscription
dubai dubai
michelle michelle
lebanese libanais
lebanese libanaises
lebanese libanaise
productive productives
productive productive
productive productif
productive productifs
researcher chercheuse
researcher chercheur
della della
baden bade
baden baden
demonstration manifestation
philosophers philosophes
spacecraft vaisseau
clara clara
invitation invitation
marking marquages
marking marquage
marking balisage
expertise expertise
expertise expertises
admission admission
sacramento sacramento
certification certification
precisely justement
casting fonderie
casting casting
casting moulage
prohibited interdites
prohibited interdite
prohibited interdit
prohibited interdits
governance gouvernance
frog grenouille
vague vague
mhz mhz
tracking suivi
spa spa
spa thermes
watts watt
watts watts
gibraltar gibraltar
melody melody
supporter partisan
supporter supporter
jeffrey jeffrey
discusses discute
useless inutile
useless inutilisable
useless inutiles
swift swift
tuesday mardi
silly idiot
silly idiote
newman newman
scales gammes
scales balances
beatles beatles
jacksonville jacksonville
sara sara
bee abeille
bee bee
holders titulaires
baltic baltique
baltic baltes
brandon brandon
maya maya
maya mayas
enterprises entreprises
imo omi
mature mature
physically physiquement
breast mammaire
breast poitrine
breast seins
breast sein
raja raja
bang bang
griffin griffin
griffin griffon
rhodes rhodes
proportion proportions
proportion proportion
itv itv
ana ana
ceiling plafond
ceiling plafonds
rainbow rainbow
rainbow arc
demon demon
prussian prussienne
prussian prusse
ist tsi
ist ist
perception perception
perception perceptions
distributor distributeur
distributor distributeurs
jackie jackie
dynamics dynamiques
dynamics dynamique
fiji fidji
fiji fidjien
insufficient insuffisante
insufficient insuffisant
insufficient insuffisance
insufficient insuffisantes
insufficient insuffisants
homer homer
larvae larve
larvae larves
limestone calcaires
limestone calcaire
johns johns
bce bce
chaos anarchie
chaos chaos
chang chang
layers pondeuses
layers couches
layers calques
chad tchadien
chad tchad
chad chad
seized saisi
seized saisis
webster webster
bombardment bombardement
bombardment bombardements
hurling hurling
ashley ashley
dot dot
gif gif
translator traducteurs
translator traducteur
translator traductrice
cowboys cowboys
hanging suspendus
hanging pendu
hanging pendaison
soprano soprano
workshops ateliers
terrain terrain
belarus belarus
console pupitre
console consoles
console console
nascar nascar
vandal vandales
vandal vandale
jungle jungle
ballot scrutin
placement placement
tourists touristes
reasonably raisonnablement
performs accomplit
performs effectue
quarterly trimestriellement
quarterly trimestriel
quarterly trimestrielle
quarterly trimestrielles
quarterly trimestriels
romans romans
romans romains
rpm rpm
environments environnements
collaborative collaboratif
swan cygne
swan swan
swan cygnes
carpenter charpentier
carpenter carpenter
carpenter menuisier
boris boris
berry baie
berry berry
berry baies
invention invention
southampton southampton
prairie prairie
prairie prairies
bend plier
bend virage
app application
app app
app appli
finalist finaliste
finalist finalistes
explicit explicite
explicit explicitement
explicit explicites
draws dessine
draws tirages
drag drag
drag glisser
maxwell maxwell
planes avions
everyday quotidien
everyday quotidienne
oriental orientale
oriental orientales
oriental oriental
oriental orientaux
manufacture fabrication
coordinator coordonnateur
coordinator coordinatrice
coordinator coordonnatrice
coordinator coordinateur
bombs bombes
mohammad mohammad
mohammad mahomet
bassist bassiste
superman superman
colombian colombien
colombian colombienne
colombian colombiens
philippe philippe
felix felix
bengali bengali
greene greene
voluntary volontaire
voluntary volontaires
floating flottant
floating flottants
floating flotter
floating flottante
sketch croquis
sketch esquisse
sketch esquisser
mann mann
flooding inonder
flooding inondations
flooding inondation
escort accompagnateur
escort escorte
escort escort
astronomy astronomie
sudden soudaine
sudden subite
sudden soudain
variables variables
arbitrary arbitraires
arbitrary arbitraire
skiing ski
timothy timothy
cello violoncelle
rainfall pluies
rafael rafael
georg georg
canvas canevas
canvas canvas
canvas toile
canvas toiles
chest poitrine
chest thoracique
chest torse
chest coffre
krishna krishna
provider prestataire
provider fournisseur
frances frances
wanting vouloir
wanting voulant
poles poteaux
poles polonais
cabin cabine
cabin cabane
civilization civilisation
civilization civilisations
lisbon lisbonne
panels panneaux
darwin darwin
cheese fromages
cheese fromage
rat rat
rat rats
papua papouasie
insert insert
insert insertion
descriptions descriptions
informal officieux
informal informel
informal informelles
informal informels
informal informelle
cry pleurer
cry cry
cry pleure
cry pleurs
loyal loyal
loyal loyaux
loyal loyale
surfaces surfaces
nicolas nicolas
institutes instituts
humor humour
madonna madone
madonna madonna
worcester worcester
substantially substantiellement
substantially sensiblement
winston winston
llc llc
llc sarl
nrhp nrhp
drake drake
lunar lunaire
fountain fontaines
fountain fontaine
consulting conseil
consulting consultant
consulting consultation
tends tend
patricia patricia
ers ers
quit quitter
quit abandonner
rid rid
maple maple
aberdeen aberdeen
verb verbe
verb verbes
illustrations illustrations
reds rouges
posters posters
posters affiches
leipzig leipzig
santo santo
engaging engager
roland roland
nationals nationaux
nationals ressortissants
unanimous unanime
unanimous unanimement
unanimous unanimes
misleading trompeur
misleading fallacieux
misleading trompeuses
misleading trompeuse
sherman sherman
stefan stefan
sleeping sommeil
sleeping dormir
sleeping coucher
sleeping couchage
alto alto
crucial cruciale
crucial crucial
crucial cruciaux
thomson thomson
directing diriger
communicate communiquer
alphabet alphabet
zagreb zagreb
chef chef
chef cuisinier
tubes tubes
carnegie carnegie
hostile hostile
hostile hostiles
eighteen eighteen
shirt chemisier
shirt chandail
shirt chemise
weird bizarre
weird etrange
loading charger
loading chargement
edges bords
plantation plantation
plantation plantations
vernon vernon
acre hectare
acre acre
wonderful merveilleuse
wonderful merveilleux
missiles missiles
guides guides
finger doigt
finger doigts
garage garage
garage garages
savage sauvage
savage savage
technological technologique
rises hausses
shoes chaussure
shoes chaussures
shoes souliers
climbing escalade
climbing grimper
barrel canon
barrel tonneau
barrel baril
biographies biographies
biographies biographiques
spite rancune
ham jambon
ham jambons
ham ham
hon hon
geoffrey geoffrey
valve soupapes
valve valve
valve vanne
valve robinet
valve soupape
commenting commentant
osaka osaka
beck beck
analog analogue
analog analogiques
analog analogique
monkey macaque
monkey singes
monkey monkey
monkey singe
tackle plaquer
listening ecouter
baldwin baudouin
baldwin baldwin
troop troupe
objections objections
marina marina
sixty sixty
sixty soixante
linguistic linguistique
venus venus
salmon saumons
salmon saumon
monarchy monarchie
stade stade
francesco francesco
abortion avortement
abortion avortements
monica monica
elephant elephant
polar polar
polar polaires
polar polaire
trademark marque
ton tonne
ton tonnes
provisional provisoire
provisional provisoires
counting comptage
counting compter
trucks camions
airborne airborne
deutsche deutsche
tension tension
tension tensions
pablo pablo
aviv aviv
cleaning nettoyage
judgement jugement
physicist physicien
catalina catalina
disasters catastrophes
lesbian lesbienne
lesbian lesbien
lesbian lesbiennes
rays rayons
rays raies
withdrawal sevrage
withdrawal retrait
withdrawal retraits
walks promenades
walks balades
realm royaume
trailer remorque
trailer remorques
trailer roulotte
trailer caravane
janet janet
janet mireille
tornado tornades
tornado tornade
aunt tatie
aunt tante
distribute distribue
distribute distribuer
genesis genesis
shallow superficielle
shallow superficiel
shallow superficielles
mentioning mentionnant
requesting demandant
floors planchers
floors sols
violate enfreindre
violate violer
boyfriend copain
catholicism catholicisme
luther luther
pleasure plaisir
pleasure plaisirs
constructive constructifs
constructive constructif
constructive constructives
constructive constructive
webb webb
battalions bataillons
alberto alberto
magical magiques
magical magique
sacrifice sacrifices
sacrifice sacrifice
sacrifice sacrifier
faction faction
olive olive
olive olives
corridor couloir
corridor corridor
compatible compatible
compatible compatibles
kiev kiev
vista vista
castro castro
wei wei
pleasant plaisant
miscellaneous diverses
miscellaneous divers
ultra ultra
bulletin bulletin
clinic clinique
clinic dispensaire
itunes itunes
patriots patriotes
pollution pollution
herman hermann
herman herman
questionable douteux
questionable douteuse
questionable contestable
questionable douteuses
questionable discutable
sally sally
rex rex
mvp mvp
openly ouvertement
afghan afghan
afghan afghans
afghan afghane
vatican vatican
folklore folklorique
folklore folklore
affiliation appartenance
affiliation affiliation
cruiser cruiser
cruiser croiseur
princes princes
silk soie
silk soies
agreements accords
trilogy trilogie
armour blindage
armour armures
armour armure
eng fra
eng eng
stamps timbres
stamps cachets
stamps tampons
consumers consommateurs
cage cage
vicinity environs
ferguson ferguson
correspondence correspondances
correspondence correspondance
illustrates illustre
cheshire cheshire
amanda amanda
pos pos
bye bye
employer employeur
employer employeurs
browns browns
static statique
static statiques
nixon nixon
sociology sociologie
addressing adressage
panthers panthers
objection objection
objection objections
chocolate chocolat
chocolate chocolats
helsinki helsinki
bedford bedford
cambodia cambodgien
cambodia cambodge
rounded arrondi
rounded arrondie
rounded arrondies
rounded arrondis
fitness fitness
halls halls
midlands midlands
jung jeong
jung jung
brilliant brillant
brilliant brillants
brilliant brillante
libya libye
angela angela
gather rassembler
volcanic volcaniques
volcanic volcanique
android android
deposits gisements
mentor mentor
freeman freeman
apartments appartements
csd cdd
csd dct
uci uci
puppet pantin
puppet marionnette
puppet marionnettes
carey carey
hiding cachette
hiding masquage
hiding cacher
sends envoie
meyer meyer
gameplay gameplay
lima lima
kirk kirk
batteries batterie
batteries batteries
batteries piles
batteries accumulateurs
chains chaines
ucla ucla
wong wong
ear oreille
ear oreilles
servants serviteurs
combine combiner
combine conjuguer
cubs cubs
cubs oursons
deputies adjoints
hawk hawk
hawk faucon
hawk buse
contestant participante
contestant candidate
contestant concurrent
contestant participant
cumberland cumberland
rational rationnels
rational rationnelle
rational rational
rational rationnel
altar autel
ufc ufc
organize organisent
organize organiser
exhibits expositions
subjective subjective
subjective subjectif
subjective subjectifs
subjective subjectives
chennai chennai
dong dong
threshold seuil
myanmar myanmar
myanmar birmanie
proud fier
proud fiers
proud orgueilleux
custody garde
surveillance surveillance
threatening menacer
threatening menace
penny penny
kannada kannada
astronomical astronomiques
astronomical astronomique
rector recteur
bug punaise
bug bogue
bug bug
bug insecte
chapman chapman
mud boue
honey cherie
honey miel
diagram diagramme
diagram diagrammes
infringement violation
infringement infraction
broadcaster diffuseur
broadcaster radiodiffuseur
riley riley
sponsor commanditaire
sponsor parrainer
sponsor parrain
sponsor sponsor
sponsor promoteur
ira lra
ira ira
haiti haiti
wisdom sagesse
pierce pierce
pierce pearce
stupid idiot
stupid idiote
stupid stupide
alma alma
alexandra alexandra
continuously continuellement
shuttle shuttle
shuttle navette
shuttle navettes
hampton hampton
eva eva
mickey mickey
yuan yuans
yuan yuan
lynch lynch
johannes johannes
trunk malle
trunk tronc
trunk coffre
genuine authentiques
genuine authentique
adolf adolphe
adolf adolf
sharon sharon
guitarists guitaristes
hung hung
hung pendu
hung pendus
gardner gardner
artifacts artefacts
mandate mandat
mohammed mohammed
mohammed mahomet
dish parabole
dish plat
terrible affreux
terrible terrible
terrible horrible
reagan reagan
rebecca rebecca
toledo toledo
divide diviser
divide divise
recommendations recommandations
gymnastics gymnastique
alter alter
carriers transporteurs
carriers porteurs
constantinople constantinople
fatal fatale
fatal mortels
fatal fatal
fatal mortelle
fatal mortel
modeling modelage
modeling mannequin
monsters monstres
notified averti
bulls taureaux
bulls bulls
censorship censurer
censorship censure
favorable propice
favorable favorable
favorable favorables
bore bore
bore ennuyer
commercially commercialement
paramount paramount
luxury luxe
yahoo yahoo
reviewers examinateurs
emirates emirats
emirates emirates
chronicles chroniques
blast explosion
jenkins jenkins
omaha omaha
attribution attribution
harsh dure
harsh rude
bundesliga bundesliga
overcome surmonter
monarchs monarques
facilitate faciliter
hermann hermann
morton morton
roma rom
roma roms
roma tzigane
roma roma
echo echo
bangkok bangkok
bergen bergen
hawks hawks
hawks faucons
organizing organisatrice
organizing organiser
lung poumon
lung pulmonaire
lung lung
lung poumons
andreas andreas
cedar cedar
stake enjeu
stake pieu
bankruptcy faillite
bankruptcy faillites
bankruptcy banqueroute
basement cave
spirits spiritueux
spirits alcools
spirits esprits
torture tortures
torture supplice
torture torture
toyota toyota
wheat froment
membrane membranes
membrane membrane
coleman coleman
homeland patrie
maiden maiden
maiden demoiselle
dhaka dhaka
dental dentaires
dental dentaire
christine christiane
christine christine
curious curieux
curious curieuse
curious curieuses
tucker tucker
viscount vicomte
communists communistes
ffffff ffffff
pavilion pavillon
fantastic fantastiques
fantastic fantastique
augustus auguste
augustus augustus
loans emprunts
joey joey
tagging balisage
tagging marquage
moss mousses
moss moss
moss mousse
parody parodie
yield rendements
yield rendement
sizes grandeurs
sizes tailles
sizes taille
neighbourhood voisinage
neighbourhood quartier
stuttgart stuttgart
dialects dialecte
dialects dialectes
backup sauvegarder
backup sauvegarde
backup sauvegardes
backup renforts
forbidden interdites
forbidden interdite
forbidden interdit
forbidden interdits
sanskrit sanskrit
neill neill
knife couteau
knife couteaux
knife poignard
wade wade
premiership premiership
yesterday hier
yesterday yesterday
percy percy
transform transformer
transform transforme
transform transformation
tickets billets
tickets billetterie
dams barrages
adopt adopter
adopt adoptent
braves braves
throws jette
plural pluriel
plural plurielle
habitats habitats
sicily sicile
speeds vitesses
zip fermeture
zip zip
restriction restriction
lin lin
measurements mesures
uttar uttar
courthouse tribunal
tide tide
dynamo dynamo
charitable bienfaisance
charitable charitable
charitable charitables
feast festin
poker poker
promising promettant
promising prometteuse
promising prometteurs
promising prometteuses
promising prometteur
kane kane
trevor trevor
attractive attractif
attractive attirant
attractive attrayant
attractive attirante
sidney sidney
factual factuelles
factual factuel
holidays vacances
initiatives initiatives
comfortable confortables
comfortable confortable
fletcher fletcher
airways airways
floyd floyd
snail escargot
snail escargots
saga saga
undertaken entrepris
scots ecossais
kingdoms royaumes
violating violer
violating violant
fossils fossiles
buying achat
buying achetant
commissioners commissaires
smoking fumer
smoking fumeurs
smoking fumeur
smoking tabac
smoking tabagisme
subdivision lotissement
subdivision subdivision
leather cuir
leather cuirs
def def
patch correctif
patch patch
porto porto
valencia valence
valencia valencia
tracy tracy
andhra andhra
mercy mercy
botanical botanique
peaks pics
peaks sommets
peaks pointes
ore minerai
ore ore
lone lone
bottle bouteille
bottle bouteilles
bottle flacon
bottle biberon
tunisia tunisie
tunisia tunisienne
angola angola
humanitarian humanitaire
slide slide
slide glisser
slide glisse
invalid invalides
invalid invalide
rao rao
guru gourou
freshwater douce
dense dense
dense denses
satisfied satisfait
satisfied satisfaits
satisfied satisfaites
satisfied satisfaite
coral coraux
coral corail
xavier xavier
helena helena
rowing ramer
rowing aviron
anatomy anatomie
binary binaire
binary binaires
merchants marchands
wound blessure
wound plaie
conviction conviction
conviction condamnation
publishes publie
dixon dixon
kuwait koweit
ridiculous ridicules
ridiculous ridicule
suffer souffrent
suffer souffrir
suffer souffre
nsw nsw
nord nord
caves grotte
caves caves
caves grottes
caves cavernes
riverside riverside
shane shane
fitzgerald fitzgerald
highlight souligner
payments paiement
payments paiements
tendency tendance
joyce joyce
belle belle
davidson davidson
rouge rouge
clue indice
rockets roquettes
rockets roquette
cure cure
bolton bolton
slope pente
manning manning
boyd boyd
organisms organismes
paraguay paraguay
dodgers dodgers
qatar qatar
import importation
import importer
import importations
buddy pote
buddy copain
buddy buddy
iucn uicn
dock ponton
dock dock
dock quai
clare clare
clare claire
penguin manchot
penguin pingouin
penguin manchots
penguin pingouins
rapids rapides
exceptional exceptionnel
exceptional exceptionnels
exceptional exceptionnelle
exceptional exceptionnelles
papal pontifical
papal papale
shed cabanon
shed hangar
cologne cologne
providers prestataires
norwich norwich
anthem hymne
supervision supervision
supervision surveillance
ming ming
lease bail
cecil cecil
toys jouet
toys jouets
conrad conrad
buck buck
hang pendre
hang accrocher
bulldogs bulldogs
italia italia
portable portatifs
portable portatif
portable portables
portable portable
dell dell
irving irving
bells cloches
tibet tibet
composite composite
composite composites
salary salaire
blacks noirs
enhance rehausser
staying rester
fragments fragments
objectives objectifs
caesar caesar
tragedy drame
unesco unesco
cameroon cameroun
carson carson
slot slot
slot fente
rams rams
icelandic islandaise
icelandic islandais
sophie sophie
granite granite
granite granit
jenny jenny
comparative comparatif
comparative comparative
comparative comparatifs
apostolic apostolique
pirate pirate
pirate pirates
paralympic paralympiques
accompanying accompagnement
accompanying accompagnant
accompanying accompagner
seasonal saisonniers
seasonal saisonnier
combining combiner
combining combinant
combining conjuguer
portfolio portefeuille
portfolio portfolio
machinery machinerie
machinery machines
miners mineurs
keen keen
gandhi gandhi
duchess duchesse
reflection reflet
reflection reflets
middlesex middlesex
carr carr
booth banquette
booth booth
booth kiosque
booth cabine
rudolf rodolphe
rudolf rudolf
courage courage
midland midland
pier pier
isles isles
formatting formater
formatting formatage
cbc cbc
cbc nfs
cbc src
acclaim acclaim
secrets secrets
crest crest
sutton sutton
decreased diminution
ups ups
bypass contourner
bypass contournement
bypass pontage
slopes pentes
slopes pistes
phantom phantom
hartford hartford
alps alpes
liner doublure
liner paquebot
liner liner
ease aisance
investments investissements
investments investissement
auburn auburn
flame flamme
flame flammes
exeter exeter
din din
din vacarme
kay kay
rent loyer
rent louer
highlands highlands
induced induits
induced induite
induced induit
verses versets
crane grue
crane crane
simulation simulateur
simulation simulation
latitude latitude
latitude latitudes
lance lance
keeper gardien
wanderers wanderers
fixing fixation
asset atout
asset actif
prospect prospect
prospect perspective
gymnasium gymnase
gloria gloria
trent trent
choosing choisir
horizon horizons
horizon horizon
riot riot
quinn quinn
excluded exclus
excluded exclu
excluded exclues
excluded exclue
elena elena
successive successifs
successive successives
nerve nerveuses
nerve nerf
disability handicap
giuseppe giuseppe
boot botte
boot amorcer
scan balayage
scan scanner
scan scan
rca rca
pioneers pionniers
canberra canberra
newark newark
flowing coulant
fungi champignons
fungi champignon
sensors sondes
sensors capteurs
sensors capteur
shells coquillages
shells obus
cottage chalet
cottage cottage
honduras honduras
shepherd berger
shepherd bergers
shepherd shepherd
pbs pbs
mapping cartographie
mongolia mongolie
commentator commentateur
nash nash
sharks requins
sharks requin
ricky ricky
shirley shirley
exercises exercices
ribbon ruban
ribbon rubans
infant nourrisson
destroyers destructeurs
destroyers destroyers
destroyers destroyer
mild doux
vikings vikings
peers pairs
correspondent correspondants
correspondent correspondante
correspondent correspondant
reproduction reproduction
sings chante
mercedes mercedes
compliance respect
bombay bombay
jointly conjointement
barack barack
premises locaux
poly poly
screenshot capture
transactions transactions
statute statuts
statute statut
jerome jerome
shark requins
shark requin
shark shark
choices choix
doom doom
bare nue
bare nus
bare nu
raids descentes
raids raids
diagnosis diagnostiquer
diagnosis diagnostique
diagnosis diagnostic
firearms armes
stoke stoke
bride epouse
prolific prolifique
criminals criminels
lindsay lindsay
automotive automobile
vacuum vide
heating chauffage
lengths longueurs
radius rayon
radius radius
johan johan
inactive inactive
inactive inactives
inactive inactifs
inactive inactif
advances avances
meta meta
estadio stade
synonym synonyme
synonym synonymes
corp corp
ambiguous ambigus
ambiguous ambigu
leone leone
sailor marin
sailor matelot
racism racisme
negro negro
tears larmes
tears pleurs
inspection inspections
inspection inspection
honda honda
barn grange
controller manette
assert affirmer
assert affirment
singular singulier
vacant vacant
vacant vacants
burden fardeau
encounters rencontres
fruits fruits
ruby ruby
ruby rubis
nationalism nationalisme
photographers photographes
mick mick
classroom classe
clyde clyde
forums forums
cups coupes
cups tasses
cups gobelets
challenger challenger
recommendation recommandation
recommendation recommandations
shi shi
instant instant
falcon falcon
falcon faucon
loses perd
loses perdent
nordic nordiques
nordic nordique
hannah hannah
coordination coordination
hammond hammond
dances danses
barracks casernes
barracks baraquements
barracks caserne
qualifier qualificatif
qualifier qualifier
saves sauve
hardcore hardcore
hardcore hard
bucharest bucarest
ranger ranger
lily lily
lily lys
surveys sondages
peterson peterson
peterson petersen
albion albion
destinations destination
destinations destinations
calm calme
calm calmes
photographic photographiques
photographic photographique
schmidt schmidt
subtropical subtropicales
contacts contacts
asylum asile
hyderabad hyderabad
visa visas
visa visa
twelfth xiie
twelfth twelfth
matching appariement
matching correspondance
matching correspondant
pregnancy grossesses
pregnancy grossesse
blatant flagrants
blatant flagrant
blatant flagrante
noteworthy remarquable
noteworthy notables
commit commettre
stale rassis
expectations attentes
carmen carmen
harvest moisson
harvest vendanges
flies mouches
kashmir cachemire
theft vol
occupy occupent
occupy occuper
flames flammes
wesley wesley
pga pga
beats bat
beats rythmes
beats battements
arlington arlington
sterling sterling
chances chances
donna donna
petty mesquine
petty mesquin
sonic sonic
sonic sonique
transparent transparence
transparent transparente
transparent transparent
transparent transparents
clarence clarence
katherine katherine
nervous nerveux
nervous nerveuse
excluding excluant
everywhere partout
sunset coucher
sunset sunset
anthropology anthropologie
minds esprits
narrator narrateur
antoine antoine
ally ally
steep raide
steep raides
steep abrupte
primitive primitives
primitive primitif
primitive primitifs
primitive primitive
gateway passerelle
gateway gateway
leigh leigh
slavic slave
slavic slaves
derbyshire derbyshire
lopez lopez
chronic chroniques
chronic chronique
donations dons
donations donations
imaging imagerie
europa europa
duet duo
ignoring ignorant
ignoring ignorer
intel intel
winchester winchester
broncos broncos
buddha bouddha
pig cochon
pig porc
whale baleines
whale baleine
beaches plage
beaches plages
approaching approchant
approaching approcher
archipelago archipel
attributes attributs
justification justification
justification justifications
fischer fischer
gains gains
dee dee
participant participante
participant participant
peaceful pacifique
peaceful paisible
peaceful pacifiques
peaceful paisibles
typhoon typhon
typhoon typhons
hank hank
manually manuellement
verlag verlag
shortened raccourcie
tram tram
tram tramways
tram tramway
alignment alignement
arabian arabe
arabian arabes
ivory ivoire
hastings hastings
taxa taxons
holly holly
traces traces
constellation constellation
healing cicatrisation
frames cadres
frames montures
rey rey
lorenzo lorenzo
risks risques
professors professeurs
professors profs
viking viking
viking vikings
pottery poterie
pottery poteries
bloody sanglant
bloody sanglante
eden eden
mormon mormons
mormon mormon
nielsen nielsen
relevance pertinence
candy bonbon
candy sucrerie
candy bonbons
bitter amertume
bitter amers
bitter amer
trends tendances
individually individuellement
individually individuelle
funk funk
basque basque
bangalore bangalore
synagogue synagogue
latvian lettonie
latvian lettone
latvian lettons
latvian letton
pot pot
interact interagissent
interact interagir
interact interaction
crews equipes
paths chemins
paths sentiers
var var
guarantee garantie
guarantee garantir
intact intacts
intact intact
intact intacte
lacrosse lacrosse
lacrosse crosse
raj raj
immigrant immigrants
immigrant immigrant
aus aus
patriarch patriarche
blessed bienheureux
oversight supervision
servers serveurs
servers serveur
rabbit lapins
rabbit rabbit
rabbit lapin
phi phi
sectors secteurs
corners coins
corners angles
powder poudre
powder poudres
mega mega
vfl vfl
conservatives conservateurs
trivia quiz
trivia anecdote
trivia trivia
clips clips
clips pinces
coventry coventry
plaque plaque
institutional institutionnelles
institutional institutionnel
institutional institutionnelle
institutional institutionnels
inform informer
vic vic
vic civ
summers summers
conservatory conservatoire
sunshine sunshine
sunshine soleil
sunshine ensoleillement
diaspora diaspora
linguistics linguistique
accepting acceptant
accepting acceptation
accepting accepter
flowering floraison
nazis nazie
nazis nazis
underwater subaquatique
mccarthy mccarthy
avoiding eviter
toxic toxique
toxic toxiques
georgetown georgetown
screening criblage
screening projection
unaware ignorant
rolls cylindres
rolls rouleaux
liver foies
liver foie
benedict benedict
commodore commodore
hollow creuse
hollow creux
hollow hollow
mob mob
mob mafia
mob foule
mob mafieux
dawson dawson
emi ime
emi emi
brett brett
alert alert
alert alerter
alert alerte
alert signalement
alert alertes
seventeen seventeen
reunion reunion
reunion retrouvailles
patterson patterson
collision collisions
collision collision
collision abordage
lighter briquet
linnaeus linnaeus
filling remplissage
filling garnissage
matthews matthews
willis willis
vowel voyelles
vowel voyelle
encouraging encourager
encouraging encourageant
encouraging encourageants
drainage drainage
disciplines disciplines
shooters tireurs
lambert lambert
seth seth
kai kai
bermuda bermudes
wow waw
wow wow
noun noun
factories usines
valentine valentin
valentine valentine
plasma plasma
virtue vertu
phillies phillies
bryant bryant
carnival carnaval
notices avis
bates bates
partisan partisanes
partisan partisan
partisan partisane
ballad ballade
dairy laiterie
dairy laitiers
dairy fromagerie
dairy laitier
insight insight
sorts trie
wolves loups
hay foin
hay hay
kolkata kolkata
kolkata calcutta
trafficking trafics
trafficking trafic
trafficking traite
alternatively alternativement
peerage pairie
ricardo ricardo
devils diables
endurance endurance
pearson pearson
gaza gaza
hal hal
teachings enseignements
convent couvent
dealer concessionnaire
dealer revendeur
dealer dealer
dealer revendeurs
neal neal
frost frost
frost givre
bout bout
bugs insectes
bugs bugs
bugs bogues
consistency consistance
demanding exiger
demanding exigeante
demanding exigeants
demanding exigeant
steady stable
fuller fuller
shannon shannon
hansen hansen
implied implicite
implied implicites
lanes voies
whitney whitney
pupil pupille
limitations limitations
limitations restrictions
limitations limites
varsity varsity
lovers amoureux
lovers amants
intentions intentions
securities titres
prohibition interdiction
prohibition prohibition
acute aigu
acute aigus
container conteneur
emissions emissions
notation notation
omar omar
taipei taipei
torres torres
survivor survivante
survivor survivant
survivor survivor
corpus corpus
advancing avancer
nicole nicole
turks turques
turks turque
turks turcs
marker marqueur
locals locaux
observe observe
observe observer
dishes vaisselle
dishes plats
cove crique
cove cove
cove anse
pour verser
pour verse
loud bruyant
loud bruyante
suspicious suspect
suspicious suspecte
suspicious suspicieux
suspicious suspectes
prosecution accusation
prosecution poursuites
prosecution poursuite
noah noah
hyde hyde
eternal eternel
terrestrial terrestre
terrestrial terrestres
countess comtesse
tender tendres
tender tendre
yearly annuelle
yearly annuels
yearly annuel
masses masses
masses messes
modest modestes
modest modestement
modest modeste
dudley dudley
barrett barrett
explosive explosif
explosive explosifs
explosive explosive
explosive explosives
similarities similitudes
similarities ressemblances
conquered vaincu
conquered conquis
conquered conquise
colts colts
violates viole
violates enfreint
surrendered remis
contentious litigieuses
softball softball
compression compression
micro micro
brady brady
walked marchaient
scenic scenic
scenic panoramique
scenic pittoresque
eleventh eleventh
shadows ombre
shadows ombres
breach violation
breach contravention
behavioral comportementaux
behavioral comportemental
behavioral comportementale
rope corde
spare rechange
cache cache
wimbledon wimbledon
practitioners praticiens
duplicate double
duplicate dupliquer
duplicate duplication
notorious notoire
parkway parkway
ronnie ronnie
odds chances
odds cotes
andre andre
mos mos
maternal maternel
maternal maternels
maternal maternelle
transmitter transmetteur
steal voler
identifies identifie
tertiary tertiaire
tertiary tertiaires
pension retraite
pension pension
pension pensions
constantine constantin
constantine constantine
mare mare
mare jument
dolphins dauphins
gloucestershire gloucestershire
incorporate incorporer
galway galway
processor transformateur
processor processeurs
processor processeur
prints empreintes
prints estampes
prints tirages
somalia somalie
somalia somalien
switching commutation
phillip phillip
gloucester gloucester
pyramid pyramide
pyramid pyramides
eps eps
nina nina
val val
wolfgang wolfgang
gill gill
cooling refroidissement
hiv vih
dash dash
dash tirets
dash tiret
doctoral doctorat
rita rita
nam nam
timing timing
peters peters
tribunal tribunal
stalin staline
stadion stadion
organizational organisationnel
organizational organisationnelles
pitchers lanceurs
mayer mayer
beaver beaver
beaver castors
beaver castor
gustav gustav
gustav gustave
motorsport motorsport
spike spike
titans titans
apps applications
apps apps
cal cal
carlton carlton
klein klein
hassan hassan
dundee dundee
translate traduire
translate traduit
flesh chair
clayton clayton
pistol pistolet
mikhail mikhail
clube clube
benson benson
profits profits
acids acides
travis travis
distances distances
enclosed clos
cow vaches
cow vache
accommodation logements
accommodation logement
catalan catalan
catalan catalans
catalan catalane
warwick warwick
textile textile
textile textiles
brewery brasserie
sanders sanders
clarification clarification
deadly mortels
deadly mortel
deadly mortelle
marching marchant
marx marx
intensive intensive
intensive intensives
intensive intensif
intensive intense
intensive intensifs
usd usd
marcel marcel
weber weber
diane diane
gazette gazette
thoroughly minutieusement
fritz fritz
cloth tissu
doyle doyle
statues statues
nigel nigel
qing qing
sheikh cheikh
sheikh sheikh
sheikh cheik
cafe cafe
sandbox sandbox
breeds races
orphan orphelin
orphan orphelines
orphan orphelins
orphan orpheline
monaco monaco
meaningful significative
meaningful significatif
invaded envahis
invaded envahi
invaded envahit
invaded envahie
norm norm
norm norme
sen sen
berkshire berkshire
illustrator illustrateur
beverly beverly
macmillan macmillan
strain souche
motorway autoroute
motorway autoroutes
williamson williamson
pronunciation prononciation
disco disco
talented talentueux
talented talentueuse
deletions suppressions
forestry forestier
forestry foresterie
forestry sylviculture
exam examen
struggling luttant
advantages avantages
advantages atouts
mood humeur
mood ambiance
wheeler wheeler
karachi karachi
blackburn blackburn
beth beth
swimmer nageur
tunnels tunnels
wagon wagon
wagon chariot
masculine masculins
masculine masculine
masculine masculin
offshore offshore
darren darren
gerard gerard
consul consul
excuse excuse
mohamed mohamed
salon salon
enabling permettant
shoots pousses
shoots tire
pipes tuyauterie
pipes pipes
pipes tuyaux
atoms atomes
invisible invisible
invisible invisibles
ibrahim ibrahim
intro introduction
intro intro
implications implications
implications incidences
coronation sacre
coronation couronnement
tobago tobago
werner werner
gifts cadeaux
livestock cheptel
livestock elevage
companions compagnons
confirmation confirmation
volcano volcan
volcano volcans
jupiter jupiter
taxi taxi
taxi taxis
dresden dresden
dresden dresde
originating originaire
originating originaires
refuse refuser
cyclist cycliste
persistent persistant
persistent persistante
persistent persistants
persistent persistantes
scripts scripts
iris iris
dad dad
dad papa
elvis elvis
dorset dorset
mel mel
laboratories laboratoires
lorraine lorraine
fabric tissu
fabric tissus
seas mers
shin shin
shin tibia
starter starter
clip pince
clip clip
villain vilain
chemicals chimie
chemicals chimiques
multiplayer multijoueur
astronomer astronome
immune immune
immune immunitaires
immune immunitaire
bologna bologne
flexible flexible
flexible souple
flexible souplesse
flexible flexibles
modifications modifications
samoa samoa
tai tai
gamma gamma
convincing convaincre
convincing convaincante
convincing convaincant
convincing convaincants
cherokee cherokee
posthumously posthume
homeless sdf
triumph triomphe
triumph triompher
triumph triumph
carriage attelage
communism communisme
consortium consortium
stark stark
locate trouvez
locate localiser
greeks grecs
inclined enclins
surgical chirurgical
surgical chirurgicale
surgical chirurgie
renewable renouvelable
renewable renouvelables
cameo cameo
dissolution dissolution
racist racistes
racist raciste
baghdad bagdad
malay malaisien
malay malais
dana dana
clarinet clarinette
sodium sodique
sodium sodium
moldova moldova
moldova moldavie
backs dos
crow corneille
crow crow
crow corbeau
crow corbeaux
interrupted interrompue
interrupted interrompues
interrupted interrompus
interrupted interrompu
columnist chroniqueur
pseudonym pseudonyme
eclipse eclipse
organs organes
philharmonic philharmonique
christie christie
incorporating incorporant
christina christina
countryside campagne
conception conception
angelo angelo
dir dir
lincolnshire lincolnshire
wished souhaitait
regina regina
rectangular rectangulaire
rectangular rectangulaires
transfers virements
transfers transferts
transfers transfert
yacht yacht
