callao callao
confirmado confirmed
habituales regulars
habituales habitual
habituales usual
brooklyn brooklyn
comunica communicates
impedir prevent
impedir impede
lienzo canvas
taekwondo taekwondo
solidaridad solidarity
gard gard
evans evans
accesible accessible
accesible affordable
aporte input
aporte contribution
georg georg
aproximada approximate
certificados certificates
certificados certified
castigo punishment
complejidad complexity
renacentista renaissance
head head
nordeste northeast
gallo cock
gallo gallo
gallo rooster
nuestras our
ivan ivan
matthew matthew
parlamentarias parliamentary
parlamentarias mps
parlamentarias parliamentarians
nbc nbc
colectiva collective
susana susannah
susana susana
susana suzanne
susana susanna
susana susan
hambre famine
hambre hungry
hambre hunger
residuos waste
residuos residues
residuos wastes
socialismo socialism
directorio directory
square square
leones lions
amy amy
notablemente notably
notablemente remarkably
notablemente noticeably
dean dean
leonor eleanor
leonor leonor
habitan inhabit
irregular uneven
irregular irregular
videoclip videoclip
consecutivos consecutive
escudos shields
operar operate
operar operating
films films
terapia therapy
instalado installed
famosas famous
fallo failure
barro mud
barro clay
banca bench
banca banking
banca banca
banca banker
banca bank
luchadores wrestlers
luchadores fighters
stuttgart stuttgart
relata relates
relata recounts
riesgos hazards
riesgos risks
riesgos risk
eco eco
eco echo
acosta acosta
seguramente surely
never never
apellidos surnames
apellidos surname
polaca polish
class class
presentadora presenter
comisario commissioner
comisario sheriff
comisario commissar
comisario inspector
comisario marshal
decenas tens
decenas dozens
campana bell
pib gdp
rivalidad rivalry
embajadores ambassadors
hospitales hospital
hospitales hospitals
morelos morelos
leal loyal
leal leal
terroristas terrorist
terroristas terrorists
visuales visuals
visuales visual
establecimientos establishments
guido guido
comisiones commissions
comisiones committees
algoritmo algorithm
inversiones investments
inversiones investment
criaturas critters
criaturas creatures
lloyd lloyd
construye builds
construye constructs
construye build
ten ten
jennifer jennifer
agregar adding
agregar add
marinas marine
marinas marinas
tela cloth
tela fabric
ataca attacks
ataca attack
lorca lorca
serra serra
refugiados refugee
refugiados refugees
cantera quarry
marcel marcel
mancomunidad commonwealth
dylan dylan
harold harold
descubridor discoverer
combinado combined
almagro almagro
revisar review
brothers brothers
potter potter
circo cirque
circo circus
robo theft
robo robo
robo robbery
robo burglary
robo steal
vecina neighbour
vecina neighbor
modificado modified
radial radial
angola angola
angola angolan
contactos contact
contactos contacts
conservado retained
conservado conserved
conservado preserved
exploradores scouts
exploradores explorers
hudson hudson
pampa pampas
pampa pampa
flauta flute
pinto pinto
jugaron played
odio hatred
odio hate
cauca cauca
nocturno nocturnal
nocturno night
celta celtic
celta celts
consultas consultations
consultas enquiries
consultas consultation
consultas queries
consultas inquiries
comprobar check
prosa prose
radicales radicals
radicales radical
condena condemnation
condena condemns
connecticut connecticut
saboya savoy
juzgado courthouse
juzgado court
religiones religions
religiones religion
lealtad loyalty
morris morris
paolo paolo
start start
funcional functional
guevara guevara
compostela compostela
disparos shootings
disparos gunshots
disparos shots
disparos shooting
disparos gunfire
cayo gaius
cayo cayo
cayo cay
melbourne melbourne
activista activist
michelle michelle
galardonado awarded
novelista novelist
avanzar advance
puro sheer
puro cigar
puro pure
tomas tomas
tomas thomas
tomas shots
separada separated
separada separate
blake blake
medicinales medicinal
distinguir distinguishing
distinguir distinguish
expediciones expeditions
rodeada surrounded
compleja complex
ontario ontario
concejal councilor
concejal alderman
concejal councilman
concejal councillor
concejal councilwoman
chocolate chocolate
calzada roadway
calzada carriageway
calzada causeway
suya yours
terminada finished
tumbas tombs
tumbas graves
conservar preserve
conservar keep
conservar conserve
berkeley berkeley
inmediata immediate
riego irrigation
riego watering
jacobo jacob
jacobo james
jacobo jacobo
piernas legs
sul sul
atleta athlete
val val
bonus bonus
croata croat
croata croatian
paquete parcel
paquete package
paquete bundle
paquete pack
busto bust
desconocida unknown
especialistas specialists
especialistas specialist
opuesto opposite
mono mono
mono monkey
trastornos disorders
afectados affected
aluminio aluminium
aluminio aluminum
zero zero
navales naval
largometraje feature
noveno ninth
mezquita mosque
kurt kurt
contratos contracts
guardias guards
definida defined
regente regent
terrorista terrorist
terrorista terrorists
desarrollando developing
superficial superficial
superficial shallow
superficial surface
hardware hardware
abundancia abundance
abundancia plenty
procesamiento processing
resultando resulting
gubernamental governmental
marfil ivory
test test
redactor editor
gaspar kaspar
gaspar caspar
gaspar gaspar
institut institut
ejerce exerts
secundarias secondary
verbo verb
excelencia excellency
excelencia excellence
funcionario official
explorador scout
explorador explorer
explorador browser
uruguaya uruguayan
kate kate
mixto coed
mixto mixed
interino interim
luigi luigi
afc afc
albania albania
area area
estrechamente closely
comunicado statement
ucraniano ukrainian
detenidos detainees
detenidos arrested
detenidos detained
esencia essence
conversaciones conversations
conversaciones talks
fijo fixed
subespecies subspecies
descripciones descriptions
fundar founding
bachillerato baccalaureate
cuadrada square
full full
introduce introduces
excavaciones excavation
excavaciones excavations
excavaciones digs
wii wii
pila battery
pila pile
pila stack
regularmente regularly
caos mayhem
caos chaos
eslovenia slovenia
eslovenia slovenian
turcos turks
turcos turkish
sedes headquarters
sedes venues
garganta throat
garganta gorge
eficiencia efficiency
prohibido forbidden
prohibido prohibited
prohibido banned
mitre mitre
noruego norwegian
consistente consistent
dulces candies
dulces sweets
dulces candy
dulces sweet
permanencia permanence
watson watson
euskera basque
conformada conformed
anglo anglo
historietas comics
philadelphia philadelphia
grueso bulk
grueso thick
exceso excess
bart bart
clero clergy
habsburgo habsburg
relativo relative
cama bedding
cama bed
eficaz efficient
eficaz effective
comenta comment
comenta comments
terminando finishing
terminando ending
piedad pity
piedad mercy
piedad piety
perciformes perciformes
camilo camillo
camilo camilo
ram ram
realismo realism
espinosa spiny
espinosa thorny
espinosa espinosa
subespecie subspecies
dante dante
pionero pioneer
clasificar categorize
clasificar classify
emisoras broadcasters
emisoras stations
espinas thorns
espinas thorn
espinas spines
ted ted
habitaciones bedrooms
habitaciones rooms
myspace myspace
constituida constituted
ambientales environmental
arbustos bushes
arbustos shrubs
arbustos shrub
consecutivas consecutive
aeropuertos airport
aeropuertos airports
mencionados mentioned
adjunto deputy
adjunto attached
adjunto adjunct
adjunto attachment
supervivencia survival
pistola pistol
pistola gun
cover cover
constancia constancy
constancia constance
constancia perseverance
dennis dennis
editora editor
hunter hunter
box box
noventa ninety
noventa nineties
conveniente convenient
honoris honoris
ola ola
ola wave
ilustre illustrious
martha martha
dialecto dialect
limpieza cleanliness
limpieza cleanup
limpieza cleaning
limpieza clean
limpieza housekeeping
explorer explorer
marcar dial
marcar mark
teatrales theatrical
solicitar request
solicitar requesting
after after
varela varela
wang wang
revolucionaria revolutionary
enamorado lover
arcade arcade
expresar express
jacinto jacinto
qui qui
uribe uribe
reconquista recapture
reconquista reconquest
medicamentos medications
medicamentos drugs
medicamentos medicines
medicamentos medication
crean create
bebida drinking
bebida drink
bebida drinks
bebida beverage
mitchell mitchell
rascacielos skyscraper
rascacielos skyscrapers
aceptada accepted
favorito favourite
favorito fave
favorito favorite
tiende tends
conjunta joint
apoya supports
transforma transform
transforma transforms
futuros futures
pagina page
contreras contreras
ncaa ncaa
negativo negative
cordero lamb
cordero mutton
cordero cordero
andaluz andalusian
amparo amparo
provocar provoke
provocar provoking
leonard leonard
ibm ibm
austral austral
coma coma
coma comma
coma eat
oscuridad dark
oscuridad darkness
oscuridad obscurity
caracol snail
estatuas statues
days days
malos bad
cazadores hunters
cazadores hunter
temple temple
castellanos castellanos
urbanismo urbanism
tokyo tokyo
vendidos sold
doctores doctors
trastorno disorder
restricciones restrictions
restricciones restriction
restricciones constraints
capillas chapels
amenazas threats
suministro supply
rumores rumors
rumores rumours
heredia heredia
sandra sandra
sombrero sombrero
sombrero hat
sentir feel
residencial residential
mit mit
mit mlt
territoriales territorial
herzegovina herzegovina
herzegovina bih
abel abel
amo master
inter inter
distingue distinguishes
soccer soccer
sweet sweet
distancias distances
distancias distance
bordes borders
bordes edges
cintas ribbons
cintas cassettes
cintas tapes
kenia kenya
kenia kenyan
homosexualidad lgbt
homosexualidad homosexuality
homosexualidad homosexual
allende allende
picos spikes
picos peaks
picos beaks
defensas fenders
defensas defense
defensas defences
defensas defenses
agrega add
agrega adds
patagonia patagonian
patagonia patagonia
terra terra
presentando introducing
presentando presenting
transmitir transmitting
transmitir transmit
richter richter
ritual ritual
corpus corpus
exclusivo exclusive
round round
pete pete
muerta dead
ritmos beats
ritmos rhythms
adicionalmente additionally
nombrar naming
bebidas beverages
bebidas beverage
bebidas drinks
llanos plains
stanford stanford
tallo stalk
tallo stem
newton newton
dell dell
cartago carthage
expuesto exhibited
expuesto exposed
ion ion
incapaz unable
incapaz incapable
aparatos apparatuses
aparatos apparatus
aparatos devices
aparatos gadgets
aparatos appliances
leon leon
greg greg
bush bush
consciente aware
consciente conscious
lola lola
honores honours
honores honors
monje monk
monje monks
esencialmente essentially
fragmento fragment
fragmento snippet
fragmento excerpt
fragmento shard
nombra appoints
anales anal
anales annals
claustro cloister
claustro faculty
choque shock
choque crash
choque clash
sierras saws
comprender understand
comprender understanding
exacta accurate
exacta exact
legislativa legislative
romeo romeo
auditorio audience
auditorio auditorium
transmitido transmitted
eslovaquia slovakia
afectado affected
hablado spoken
hablado talked
entierro burial
entierro funeral
entierro bury
trayecto journey
interesado interested
claves keys
claves key
fragata frigate
narrador narrator
narrador storyteller
unir join
unir uniting
unir unite
intermedio intermission
intermedio intermediate
luke luke
hermann hermann
respectivas respective
mayormente mostly
colocado placed
colocado positioned
remo rowing
remo oar
remo paddle
remo remo
computadoras computers
computadoras computer
sacrificio sacrifice
intenciones intentions
intenciones intent
promesa promise
promesa pledge
ejecutados executed
todd todd
consultar consult
consultar query
cilindros cylinder
cilindros cylinders
walt walt
belgrado belgrade
raro rare
raro weirdo
raro weird
abuso abuse
receptores recipients
receptores receivers
estrategias strategies
aumentando increasing
conquistar conquer
conquistar conquering
almas souls
stuart stuart
superficies surfaces
fila row
natalia natasha
natalia natalie
natalia natalya
natalia natalia
toque touch
deseos wishes
deseos desires
brujas witches
brujas bruges
continentales continental
causado caused
match match
transmite transmit
transmite transmits
incorporado incorporated
fiables reliable
fiables dependable
consiguiente consequent
enfermo ill
enfermo sick
polar polar
avanzado advanced
llamas flame
llamas flames
away away
poniente westeros
caro caro
caro expensive
esgrima fencing
equipamiento equipment
equipamiento equipments
ingredientes ingredients
pizarro pizarro
reconocen recognize
mago wizard
mago magician
mago mage
sustituir substitute
sustituir replace
montero montero
eliminados deleted
eliminados eliminated
eliminados removed
eliminados disposed
suicidio suicide
wolfgang wolfgang
enormes huge
enormes enormous
amarillas yellow
asiento seating
asiento seat
presos prisoners
presos inmates
vice vice
liderado led
slam slam
quebrada broke
citada cited
alerta alert
levantar lift
naturalista naturalist
jujuy jujuy
osorio osorio
rodea surrounds
wide wide
amenazada threatened
superado exceeded
superado surpassed
submarinos submarines
submarinos subs
submarinos submarine
susan susan
estrenado premiered
turca turk
turca turkish
bailarina ballerina
bailarina dancer
preparado preparation
preparado prepared
borja borgia
borja borja
nido nest
reemplazar replacing
reemplazar replace
fibra fibre
fibra fiber
colaboraciones collaborations
colaboraciones partnerships
secuencias footage
secuencias sequences
secuencias sequence
acontecimiento event
entregar deliver
entregar delivering
olga olga
cohete rocket
vancouver vancouver
pontevedra pontevedra
horizonte horizon
correos emails
extraordinario extraordinary
folclore folklore
prevenir preventing
prevenir prevent
boliviano bolivian
cano cano
designar nominate
designar nominating
designar designate
derrotados defeated
compartido shared
fan fan
cineasta filmmaker
malas bad
sombras shadows
sombras shadow
sombras shades
violeta purple
violeta violeta
violeta violet
itunes itunes
poblada populated
nicholas nicholas
rondas rounds
inflorescencia inflorescence
osvaldo oswaldo
osvaldo osvaldo
guayana guiana
guayana guyana
inspirada inspired
respaldo backing
respaldo backup
respaldo endorsement
retirar withdraw
ejes axles
ejes shafts
ejes axes
ejes axle
ejes axis
militantes militant
militantes militants
militantes activists
oculta hidden
oculta hide
oculta hides
alejandra alexandra
alejandra alejandra
posesiones possessions
aplicada applied
sindicatos unions
testimonios testimonials
testimonios testimonies
testimonios testimony
keith keith
liberar liberate
femeninos feminine
determina determines
determina determine
incidentes incident
incidentes incidents
nervioso nervous
paraguayo paraguayan
clinton clinton
irlandesa irish
puntas tips
infantes infants
infantes marines
octavos eighths
constantino konstantin
constantino constantine
denominaciones designations
denominaciones denominations
into into
pietro pietro
again again
cualidades qualities
linaje lineage
linaje bloodline
hurtado snatcher
hurtado hurtado
justin justin
jessica jessica
transferido transferred
tanzania tanzanian
tanzania tanzania
francisca francisca
zapata zapata
expone exposes
promovido promoted
antofagasta antofagasta
orbital orbital
musulmana muslim
musulmana muslims
kings kings
raf raf
querer wanting
querer want
ref ref
oficios trades
pour pour
asistentes attendants
asistentes attendance
asistentes attendees
asistentes assistants
rachel rachel
novena ninth
ciclos cycles
ciclos cycle
confluencia confluence
identifica identify
identifica identifies
cuero leather
superando overtaking
superando overcoming
superando surpassing
corredores racers
corredores corridors
corredores brokers
corredores runners
escolta escort
terminales terminal
terminales terminals
desfile parade
masivo massive
barras bars
celebraciones celebrations
celebraciones celebration
hispania hispania
artificiales artificial
piscina pool
tienden tend
patente patent
patente patents
nacionalistas nationalists
nacionalistas nationalist
mundos worlds
office office
prix prix
institutos institutes
chelsea chelsea
concedido granted
concedido awarded
concedido conceded
marx marx
plural plural
nudos knots
nudos knot
khan khan
anarquistas anarchists
anarquistas anarchist
knight knight
billetes tickets
billetes banknote
billetes banknotes
coreano korean
organizados organized
organizados organised
ecuaciones equations
atacado attacked
secret secret
privilegios privilege
privilegios privileges
empatados tied
balada ballad
disfrutar enjoy
mixtas mixed
finaliza ends
perfecta perfect
guanajuato guanajuato
evidencias evidences
evidencias evidence
suite suite
caracterizado characterised
caracterizado characterized
detectar detecting
detectar detect
detectar spotting
incendios fires
incendios wildfires
ronald ronald
sujetos subjects
revolucionarios revolutionary
revolucionarios revolutionaries
costos costs
marsella marseille
marsella marseilles
danzas dances
adoptar adopt
vinculado linked
kiss kiss
conducir drive
conducir driving
ecuatorial equatorial
inscripciones inscriptions
inscripciones registrations
inscripciones registration
materna maternal
eficiente efficient
humanidades humanities
agregado aggregate
agregado added
agregado aggregated
saavedra saavedra
inundaciones floods
inundaciones flooding
inundaciones flood
hopkins hopkins
portland portland
adolf adolf
inspector inspector
calibre caliber
calibre calibre
grey grey
terrible awful
terrible dreadful
terrible terrible
serbio serb
serbio serbia
serbio serbian
action action
ejecutiva executive
checoslovaquia czechoslovakia
triste sad
edita edit
edita edits
templado temperate
templado tempered
nieves nieves
nieves snow
nieves nevis
arica arica
notar noticing
maracaibo maracaibo
frecuencias frequencies
frecuencias frequency
luchando struggling
luchando fighting
cometido committed
talk talk
analizar analyse
analizar analyzing
analizar analyze
cantos chants
cantos chanting
cantos singing
cantos songs
emplear employ
emplear employing
querido dear
view view
plomo lead
ciudadana citizen
bruja witch
horror horror
eficacia efficiency
eficacia effectiveness
eficacia efficacy
coincide coincides
roberts roberts
creciendo growing
traductor translator
traductor translators
monroe monroe
ufc ufc
estudiosos scholars
rumano romanian
tag tag
tonos ringtones
tonos tone
tonos shades
tonos tones
merece deserve
merece deserves
atracciones attractions
atracciones sightseeing
pintado painted
desaparece disappears
desaparece disappear
parlamentario parliamentary
parlamentario parliamentarian
parlamentario mp
vicario vicar
renunciar quit
renunciar quitting
renunciar resign
renunciar renounce
budismo buddhism
budismo buddhist
misisipi mississippi
interesantes interesting
activistas activists
anton anton
tigres tiger
tigres tigers
ambientes atmospheres
ambientes environments
atentados attacks
atentados bombings
olimpia olympia
milicias militias
milicias militia
supuesta purported
supuesta alleged
supuesta supposed
adaptado adapted
pensando thinking
bolonia bologna
tubos pipes
tubos tubes
presas dams
presas prey
matanza massacre
matanza carnage
matanza slaughter
matanza killing
grove grove
costado side
kids kids
sensibilidad sensitivity
sensibilidad sensibility
automovilismo motorsport
automovilismo motoring
culpable guilt
culpable guilty
culpable culprit
dibujante cartoonist
aguilera aguilera
sosa sosa
sosa soda
protestantes protestants
protestantes protestant
protestantes protesters
marcando dialing
estela stella
estela wake
estela estela
hit hit
compite competes
compite compete
act act
elche elche
carrasco carrasco
citar quote
citar quoting
citar cite
tabaco smoking
tabaco tobacco
tabaco cigarettes
godoy godoy
saliendo dating
saliendo exiting
saliendo leaving
santana santana
quieres want
turno turn
turno shift
infraestructuras infrastructure
infraestructuras infrastructures
traducir translating
traducir translate
lanka lanka
race race
temor fear
temor fears
recoger collect
aislamiento insulation
aislamiento isolation
campanario belfry
campanario steeple
cooperativa cooperative
corporal body
corporal corporal
hook hook
lentamente slowly
clube clube
conmebol conmebol
lana wool
lana lana
damas ladies
damas checkers
intervino intervened
cabina cockpit
cabina cab
cabina booth
cabina cabin
preciso precise
agraria agricultural
agraria agrarian
otan nato
marcial martial
primitiva primitive
quercus quercus
nepal nepal
nepal nepalese
fusil rifles
fusil rifle
presentadores presenters
servidores servers
primitivo primal
primitivo primitive
primitivo primeval
soler soler
lozano lozano
caracterizan characterize
fina fina
bomberos firefighters
bomberos firemen
copenhague copenhagen
raven raven
esclavitud slavery
esclavitud bondage
escucha listens
escucha listen
manchas stains
manchas spots
deep deep
decadencia decline
decadencia decay
decadencia decadence
aeronave aircraft
permanentes permanent
sanz sanz
prepara prepares
cerros hills
luciano luciano
luciano lucian
che che
monasterios monasteries
contribuir contribute
contribuir contributing
avellaneda avellaneda
efectivos troops
efectivos effective
servido served
irrelevante irrelevant
lourdes lourdes
empleada employee
empleada employed
sucesivamente successively
rito rite
rompe breaks
colin colin
sonata sonata
enfermos sick
cairo cairo
estimado dear
estimado esteemed
estimado estimate
estimado estimated
carro car
carro chariot
carro cart
carro wagon
homosexuales homosexual
homosexuales homosexuals
fantasy fantasy
pascua passover
pascua easter
duques dukes
lope lope
escasez paucity
escasez shortages
escasez dearth
escasez scarcity
escasez shortage
frescos fresh
frescos frescoes
criatura creature
emplazamiento siting
emplazamiento location
ernest ernest
cantautor songwriter
coco coco
coco coconut
traductores translators
bohemia bohemia
bohemia bohemian
emblema emblem
mayer mayer
filtro filter
colectivos collectives
colectivos collective
stalin stalin
spencer spencer
size size
craig craig
karen karen
misioneros missionaries
misioneros missionary
influido influenced
milagros miracles
milagros miracle
semanal weekly
telecinco telecinco
creadas created
emplean employ
agrupaciones clusters
agrupaciones groups
agrupaciones groupings
registrados registered
catamarca catamarca
garcia garcia
alt alt
vampiro vampire
ultimate ultimate
toulouse toulouse
portavoz spokesman
portavoz spokesperson
controlado controlled
atender cater
josh josh
fruta fruit
fruta fruits
ralph ralph
insignia insignia
insignia badge
especializados specialised
especializados specialized
abandonada abandoned
barranco ravine
barranco gully
barranco cliff
suena sounds
dictador dictator
pasto pasture
pasto grass
pasto grazing
vaca cow
ward ward
divididos divided
divididos split
catherine catherine
encabezado headline
encabezado header
encabezado heading
valverde valverde
bestia beast
quejas complaints
quejas complaining
quejas complaint
judiciales judicial
desembarco landing
ficticios fictitious
residente resident
primario primary
see see
pierna leg
intervenciones intervention
intervenciones interventions
edades age
edades ages
diagrama diagram
iniciada initiated
iniciada started
clasificada classified
integrar integrating
integrar integrate
necesitaba needed
miniserie miniseries
enzima enzyme
secuestro kidnapping
secuestro abduction
secuestro kidnap
muelle quay
muelle dock
muelle wharf
muelle pier
padilla padilla
monstruos monsters
monstruos monster
divino divine
beck beck
temporales temporary
escaso scarce
escaso sparse
amanecer dawn
amanecer sunrise
caudillo warlord
soportar endure
regalo gifts
regalo gift
evita avoids
evita evita
evita avoid
adolescencia teenage
adolescencia teens
adolescencia adolescence
embarazo pregnancy
embarazo pregnancies
embarazo pregnant
checo czech
zagreb zagreb
candelaria candelaria
vendidas sold
sena sena
sena seine
arreglo arrangement
roble oak
catolicismo catholicism
johannes johannes
superman superman
caen caen
cid dlc
cid idc
cid cid
miel honey
irene irene
militante militant
militante activist
docencia teaching
franquismo francoism
denver denver
operadores operators
montgomery montgomery
positivas positive
positivas positives
impide prevents
impide impedes
atraer lure
atraer attract
atraer attracting
champions champions
maximiliano maximilian
pato duck
rescatar rescue
cantones cantonese
cantones cantons
francos francs
francos franc
francos frank
francos franks
lucy lucy
apodado dubbed
apodado nicknamed
some some
balance balance
holmes holmes
honorario honorary
establecidos established
entrando entering
sydney sydney
laderas slopes
laderas hillsides
nfl nfl
asociadas associates
murphy murphy
joel joel
queensland queensland
mars mars
cardenales cardinals
clarke clarke
pesada heavy
milagro miracle
diamante diamond
agencias agencies
creadores creators
acercarse approaching
paralela parallel
distribuido circulated
distribuido distributed
ideales ideals
ideales ideal
deutsche deutsche
gravemente severely
gravemente gravely
embarcaciones boats
embarcaciones craft
embarcaciones vessels
cal lime
cal cal
asegura insure
asegura ensures
asegura secures
refuerzos backup
refuerzos reinforcements
refuerzos reinforcement
aaron aaron
agujero hole
agujero wormhole
capturados captured
durango durango
rechazado disapproved
rechazado rejected
rechazado refused
sometido subdued
schmidt schmidt
empire empire
desaparecer disappearing
desaparecer vanish
desaparecer disappear
artigas artigas
decano dean
jung jung
segmentos segments
segmentos segment
flecha arrow
fabricado manufactured
fabricado fabricated
practicar practise
practicar practising
practicar practice
practicar practicing
milan milan
disparar shoot
nubes clouds
nubes cloud
bielorrusia belarus
bielorrusia belarusian
reich reich
hierbas herbal
hierbas herbs
hierbas herb
sellos stamp
sellos stamps
sellos labels
sellos seals
animados animated
evaluar evaluate
evaluar assess
inmediaciones vicinity
madero madero
prioridad priority
observado observed
observado watched
observado noted
panel dashboard
panel panel
corregir correcting
corregir correct
uva uva
uva grape
uva grapes
aurelio aurelio
aurelio aurelius
emilia emilia
emilia emily
pioneros pioneers
pioneros pioneer
surgido emerged
surgido surfaced
carranza carranza
mineros miners
emigrantes migrants
emigrantes emigrants
emigrantes emigrant
know know
cierra close
cierra closes
modalidades modalities
fibras fibres
fibras fiber
fibras fibre
fibras fibers
corral poultry
corral corral
anarquista anarchist
ferreira ferreira
patriarca patriarch
claire claire
evil evil
mons mons
run run
seda silk
alimenta feeds
plenamente fully
combina combines
administrativos administrative
presta lend
presta lends
andina andean
henares henares
jesse jesse
johan johan
multimedia multimedia
andorra andorra
andorra andorran
disposiciones dispositions
disposiciones provisions
comisionado commissioner
edificaciones buildings
ibarra ibarra
cacique cacique
her her
rogers rogers
orchestra orchestra
defensivo defensive
ingresa enter
pollo chicken
standard standard
recurrente appellant
recurrente recurrent
recurrente recurring
bernardino bernardino
helsinki helsinki
continuamente continuously
continuamente continually
hemisferio hemisphere
sex sex
peligroso dangerous
peligroso hazardous
derivada derivative
derivada derived
manifiesta manifests
manifiesta manifest
registrada registered
portales portals
portales portal
portales gateways
emperatriz empress
vestuario costumes
vestuario costume
vestuario wardrobe
egipcio egyptian
pesados heavy
prefiere prefers
prefiere prefer
dignidad dignity
paquetes packages
antonia antonia
got got
ilustrado illustrated
felicidad happiness
stefan stefan
leandro leandro
ceremonias ceremony
ceremonias ceremonial
ceremonias ceremonies
brillantes brilliant
barranquilla barranquilla
apache apache
iniciativas initiatives
colabora collaborate
colabora collaborates
apareciendo appearing
limitaciones limitations
limitaciones constraints
fall fall
congresos congresses
congresos conferences
congresos congress
quechua quechua
carros carts
carros cars
carros trolleys
carros carriages
carros chariots
embarazada pregnant
benedicto benedict
butler butler
excepcional outstanding
excepcional exceptional
exiliados exiles
exiliados exiled
hongos mushrooms
hongos fungus
hongos mushroom
hongos fungi
arrestado arrested
planet planet
poderosos powerful
cameron cameron
beat beat
case case
visibles visible
jesus jesus
elige choose
obligatorio mandatory
obligatorio obligatory
obligatorio compulsory
preliminar preliminary
mixta mixed
darwin darwin
manzana apple
estimaciones estimate
estimaciones estimates
porta porta
nature nature
maquinaria machinery
maquinaria machines
hardcore hardcore
afectada affected
catalanes catalans
domingos sundays
obligaciones obligations
custodia custodial
custodia custody
equipado equipped
neutralidad neutrality
card card
laboratorios labs
laboratorios laboratory
laboratorios laboratories
vial vial
componer compose
componer composing
birmania burma
birmania burmese
birmania myanmar
guionistas writers
basta enough
pau pau
andreas andreas
homosexual homosexual
homosexual gay
mitos myths
mitos myth
progresista progressive
reconocidas recognized
reconocidas recognised
generado generated
generado spawned
matando killing
siberia siberian
siberia siberia
consorcio consortium
supervivientes survivors
gimnasio gym
gimnasio gymnasium
gimnasio fitness
internacionalmente internationally
hermoso beautiful
dados given
dados dice
dados craps
criminales criminal
criminales criminals
ramiro ramiro
linneo linnaeus
consorte consort
ascender ascend
ascender ascending
escolares schoolchildren
euro euro
convencer convince
convencer convincing
convencer persuade
octavio octavius
octavio octavian
octavio octavio
bustamante bustamante
chevrolet chevrolet
erik erik
marketing marketing
siento feel
significativamente significantly
acabado finish
acabado finished
acabado finishing
harina flour
enviada shipped
enviada envoy
enviada sent
diaria daily
delegados delegates
delegados delegate
mural mural
audiovisual audiovisual
supera exceeds
supera surpasses
supera overcomes
teodoro theodore
teodoro teodoro
madres moms
madres mothers
precisa precise
precisa accurate
aplicado applied
trabajador employee
trabajador worker
listo ready
listo clever
listo smart
mongolia mongolian
mongolia mongolia
mejorado upgraded
mejorado improved
mejorado enhanced
votaciones votes
votaciones vote
votaciones voting
avenidas avenues
guitarristas guitarists
autopistas highways
autopistas motorways
autopistas freeways
semestre semester
actrices actresses
representados represented
representados representation
descubren discover
muebles furniture
adquirida acquired
sega sega
cuencas basins
armstrong armstrong
tel tel
peruanos peruvian
peruanos peruvians
comerciante merchant
comerciante trader
comerciante dealer
obispado bishopric
chase chase
hell hell
protestante protestant
adaptaciones adaptations
adaptaciones adjustments
sepulcro tomb
barroca baroque
clasifica classifies
andrade andrade
gallegos gallegos
michigan michigan
amanda amanda
eliminatorias playoffs
eliminatorias qualifiers
proximidad proximity
proximidad closeness
amantes lovers
funeral funeral
aportes inputs
aportes contributions
semilla seed
semilla seeds
sobrevivientes survivors
sobrevivientes survivor
jules jules
distribuida distributed
vergara vergara
unitario unitarian
unitario unitary
sufrieron suffered
wallace wallace
true true
lucky lucky
morning morning
parma parma
alexandre alexandre
greco greco
cumbres summits
cumbres summit
rca rca
index index
tyler tyler
sugieren suggest
tablero board
tablero dashboard
pennsylvania pennsylvania
confirma confirms
confirma confirm
playoffs playoff
playoffs playoffs
coleoptera coleoptera
parlamentaria parliamentary
demonios demons
demonios devils
libremente freely
zulia zulia
hart hart
anuncios ads
anuncios advertisements
anuncios adverts
anuncios announcements
lane lane
mate matt
mate mate
mate matte
mate checkmate
ayacucho ayacucho
regnum regnum
cortar cutting
cortar cut
empezando beginning
empezando starting
glaciar glacier
glaciar glacial
rodean surround
nombrados appointees
terceros third
protector protective
protector protector
its stis
its str
its sti
zar tsar
zar zar
zar czar
operativos operatives
ordo ordo
aficionado amateur
estambul istanbul
phillips phillips
josefa josefa
mama mum
mama breast
mama mom
mama mama
herida injured
herida wound
herida wounded
herida injury
bautizado baptised
bautizado baptized
bautizado christened
galaxias galaxies
roles roles
administrativamente administratively
gardens gardens
pirata hacker
pirata pirate
hope hope
reed reed
want want
ulloa ulloa
manolo manolo
resultante resulting
resultante resultant
patinaje skating
raramente seldom
raramente rarely
seven seven
partiendo departing
nulo nil
nulo null
indie indie
ferroviarios railway
ferroviarios rail
trampa cheating
trampa trap
middle middle
extendida extended
kid kid
sousa sousa
mascota pet
mascota pets
mascota mascot
productions productions
dispuestos willing
dispuestos arranged
bala bala
bala bullet
comedias comedies
harvey harvey
comandos commandos
comandos commands
plantea poses
plantea raises
ara ara
madurez maturity
nicole nicole
ghana ghana
caldas caldas
conquistadores conquistadors
conquistadores conquerors
esqueleto skeleton
quijote quijote
quijote quixote
candidaturas nominations
candidaturas candidates
where where
bienal biennale
bienal biennial
recogida collection
recogida pickup
recogida collected
previos previous
privilegio privilege
privilegio privileges
obviamente obviously
diploma diploma
defensiva defensive
arquero archer
arquero goalkeeper
arquero bowman
arquero goalie
comarcas counties
aprovechar seize
aprovechar harness
aprovechar tapping
aprovechar harnessing
aprox approx
machado machado
sandoval sandoval
pasada past
through through
gibson gibson
gatos cats
gatos cat
amplitud breadth
amplitud amplitude
trajes outfits
trajes costumes
trajes suits
bonaparte bonaparte
eagle eagle
coca coke
coca coca
dragones dragon
dragones dragons
cubiertos utensils
cubiertos cutlery
cubiertos silverware
cubiertos covered
vientre belly
vientre womb
orgullo pride
asesinar assassinate
sonda probe
salario salary
salario wage
salario wages
evolution evolution
hito landmark
hito milestone
trae bring
trae brings
vallejo vallejo
extinto extinct
haro haro
recibidos received
escapa escapes
escapa escape
favorables favourable
favorables favorable
corregimiento corregimiento
nadal nadal
botones buttons
botones bellboy
breves brief
palos palos
palos clubs
palos sticks
antoni antoni
editoriales publishers
editoriales editorials
editoriales editorial
cono cone
ferro ferro
gasolina petrol
gasolina gas
gasolina gasoline
promocionar promoting
promocionar promote
promocionar boost
villar villar
ilustrada illustrated
chuck chuck
conquistador conqueror
movilidad mobility
compatible compatible
compatible compliant
traer bring
arce arce
arce maple
gradualmente gradually
aria aria
aria aryan
sag sag
excepciones exceptions
excepciones exemptions
muhammad muhammad
mccartney mccartney
tapa lid
tapa cap
tapa cover
vinilo vinyl
licencias license
licencias licences
licencias licensing
licencias licenses
humo smoke
escaleras ladders
escaleras staircases
escaleras stairs
presiones pressures
presiones pressure
fidel fidel
terremotos earthquakes
terremotos earthquake
marne marne
verticales vertical
controlada controlled
farmacia pharmacy
beijing beijing
cuzco cusco
cuzco cuzco
extraordinaria extraordinary
canon canon
princeton princeton
cruceros cruisers
cruceros cruise
cruceros cruises
pat pat
greene greene
ayer yesterday
cronista chronicler
hesse hesse
madame madam
madame madame
fierro fierro
tasas rates
tasas fees
quiroga quiroga
hueco hole
hueco hollow
peculiar quirky
peculiar peculiar
salido exited
lennon lennon
denominadas denominated
wta wta
ace ace
misil missile
legendario legendary
pescadores fishermen
pescadores fishers
pescadores fisherman
nariz nose
nariz noses
bicicleta cycling
bicicleta bike
bicicleta bicycle
bicicleta biking
compitieron competed
preparatoria preparatory
preparatoria prep
petit petit
mares seas
mares mares
villarreal villarreal
manila manila
palmer palmer
acogida host
acogida reception
allmusic allmusic
africanos africans
africanos african
mover move
renombrado rename
renombrado renamed
renombrado renowned
renombrado renaming
tolkien tolkien
potable potable
provocado provoked
trek trek
tomadas taken
absolutamente absolutely
basura junk
basura trash
basura rubbish
basura garbage
bundesliga bundesliga
surgen arise
invisible invisible
compositora songwriter
compositora composer
despierta awake
despierta awaken
despierta wake
tensiones tensions
tensiones tension
molinos windmills
molinos mills
molinos grinders
bridge bridge
ultra ultra
hernando hernando
presidido chaired
presidido presided
encarcelado incarcerated
encarcelado jailed
encarcelado imprisoned
pasajes passages
involucrado involved
cohetes rockets
aquitania aquitaine
cie cie
cie icd
haz beam
emocional emotional
dialectos dialects
patrocinio patronage
patrocinio sponsorship
patrocinio sponsor
patrocinio sponsoring
danubio danube
owen owen
lynch lynch
hallazgos finds
hallazgos findings
estudiado studied
positivos positive
positivos positives
precedido preceded
becker becker
restaurar restore
restaurar restoring
ochoa ochoa
systems systems
ferias fairs
sanidad sanity
sanidad health
recordado remembered
stan stan
sullivan sullivan
vestigios vestige
vestigios traces
vestigios vestiges
espectador viewer
espectador spectators
espectador spectator
esther esther
atractivos attractiveness
atractivos attractions
atractivos attractive
foster foster
burdeos bordeaux
boliviana bolivian
bowl bowl
adriana adriana
reto challenge
happy happy
acento accents
acento accent
lazos ties
lazos bonds
instante instant
warriors warriors
ateneo ateneo
allan allan
placer pleasure
subtropicales subtropical
apropiado fitting
apropiado appropriate
apropiado suitable
sensible sensible
sensible touchy
sensible sensitive
sensible responsive
morrison morrison
mason mason
drive drive
controles checks
controles controls
marion marion
letonia latvia
letonia latvian
bucarest bucharest
tira pull
tira strip
vladimir vladimir
julian julian
romanticismo romance
romanticismo romanticism
grito shout
grito cry
grito scream
lanzamientos launches
lanzamientos pitches
lanzamientos releases
emily emily
pertenecer belong
joyas jewellery
joyas jewelry
joyas jewels
inventor inventor
tortura torture
preferencia preference
preferencia preferential
plantarum plantarum
stark stark
need need
raw raw
